66461
2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-1-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)hexan-2-ol is a member of the class of triazoles that is 1-hexyl-1H-1,2,4-triazole in which the hydrogens at position 2 of the hexyl chain are replaced by hydroxy and 2,4-dichlorophenyl groups. It has a role as a chelator. It is a tertiary alcohol, a member of triazoles and a dichlorobenzene. 
71002
N-benzoylalanine is an N-acylamino acid that is the N-benzoyl derivative of alanine. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an alanine derivative and a N-acyl-amino acid. 
61174
Ethylene glycol distearate, also known as alkamuls egds or elfan L 310, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Ethylene glycol distearate exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Ethylene glycol distearate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, ethylene glycol distearate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
221641
Propyl phenylacetate, also known as fema 2955 or N-propyl-alpha-toluate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. Propyl phenylacetate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, propyl phenylacetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Propyl phenylacetate has a sweet, apricot, and floral taste. 
9570071
Aldicarb appears as white crystals with a slightly sulfurous odor. Commercial formulations are granular Used as an insecticide, acaricide, and nematocide. (EPA, 1998) Aldicarb is the oxime carbamate resulting from the addition of 2-methyl-2-(methylsulfanyl)propanaldoxime to methyl isocyanate. A member of the class of oxime carbamate insecticides, aldicarb is a mixture of E and Z isomers; it is not known which isomer is more active. It has a role as a carbamate insecticide, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and a nematicide. It derives from a 2-methyl-2-(methylsulfanyl)propanal oxime and a methyl isocyanate. 
6294
Dichlorodiphenyldichloroethane appears as a colorless crystalline solid. Insoluble in water and sinks in water. Toxic by inhalation, skin absorption or ingestion. Used as a pesticide. DDD is a chlorophenylethane that is 2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethane substituted by two chloro groups at position 1. It is a metabolite of the organochlorine insecticide, DDT. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It is an organochlorine insecticide, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a chlorophenylethane. 
10367
Dipicolinic acid is a pyridinedicarboxylic acid carrying two carboxy groups at positions 2 and 6. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a dipicolinate(1-). 
99309
N(4)-acetylcytosine is a pyrimidone that is cytosine bearing an N(4)-acetyl substituent. It is a pyrimidone, a nucleobase analogue and a member of acetamides. It derives from a cytosine. 
19881764
3,5-dimethylorsellinic acid is a member of the class of dihydroxybenzoic acids that is o-orsellinic acid carrying two additional methyl substituents at positions 3 and 5. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a dihydroxybenzoic acid and a member of resorcinols. It derives from an o-orsellinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,5-dimethylorsellinate. 
160556
L-saccharopine is the N(6)-(1,3-dicarboxypropan-1-yl) derivative of L-lysine. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an amino acid opine and a L-lysine derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a L-saccharopinate(1-). 
440197
N-Acetyl-4-O-acetylneuraminic acid, also known as N, 4-O-diacetylneuraminate or neu4, 5ac2, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acylneuraminic acids. These are neuraminic acids carrying an N-acyl substituent. N-Acetyl-4-O-acetylneuraminic acid is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, N-acetyl-4-O-acetylneuraminic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
33643
Iodopropanes appears as a colorless liquid that discolors in air. Denser than water. The vapors are heavier than air. May be mildly toxic by inhalation. Used as a solvent and to make pharmaceuticals. 
9547087
1-stearoyl-2-oleoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoserine is a 3-sn-phosphatidyl-L-serine in which the phosphatidyl acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are specified as stearoyl and oleoyl respectively. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from an octadecanoic acid and an oleic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-stearoyl-2-oleoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoserine(1-). 
40692
(-)-(11S,2'R)-erythro-mefloquine is an optically active form of [2,8-bis(trifluoromethyl)quinolin-4-yl]-(2-piperidyl)methanol having (-)-(11S,2'R)-erythro-configuration. An antimalarial agent, used in racemic form, which acts as a blood schizonticide; its mechanism of action is unknown. It has a role as an antimalarial. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-(11R,2'S)-erythro-mefloquine. Mefloquine is a quinolinemethanol derivative with antimalarial, anti-inflammatory, and potential chemosensitization and radiosensitization activities. Although the exact mechanism remains to be elucidated, mefloquine, a weak base, preferentially accumulates in lysosomes and disrupts lysosomal function and integrity, thereby leading to host cell death. Similar to chloroquine, the chemosensitizing and radiosensitizing activities of this agent may be related to its inhibition of autophagocytosis, a cellular mechanism involving lysosomal degradation that minimizes the production of reactive oxygen species (ROS) related to tumor reoxygenation and tumor exposure to chemotherapeutic agents and radiation. Compared to chloroquine, mefloquine has better blood-brain-barrier (BBB) penetration. 
7856
Chloroacetonitrile appears as a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point 118°F. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Hence, sinks in water. Very toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. A lachrymator. Used to make other chemicals and as a fumigant. 
338716
6-Hydroxymusizin 8-O-b-D-glucopyranoside, also known as musizin glucoside, 6-hydroxy, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenolic glycosides. These are organic compounds containing a phenolic structure attached to a glycosyl moiety. Some examples of phenolic structures include lignans, and flavonoids. Among the sugar units found in natural glycosides are D-glucose, L-Fructose, and L rhamnose. 6-Hydroxymusizin 8-O-b-D-glucopyranoside exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 6-hydroxymusizin 8-O-b-D-glucopyranoside is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 6-hydroxymusizin 8-O-b-D-glucopyranoside can be found in green vegetables. This makes 6-hydroxymusizin 8-O-b-D-glucopyranoside a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
439376
N-formyl-L-glutamic acid is a N-acyl-L-glutamic acid and a N-formyl amino acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a N-formyl-L-glutamate(2-). 
5281126
(9Z,11E,13Z)-octadecatrienoic acid is a 9,11,13-octadecatrienoic acid having its double bonds in cis, trans and cis configurations, respectively. It has been isolated from pomegranate (Punica granatum). It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. 
5282361
4-hydroxychalcone is a member of the class of chalcones that is trans-chalcone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antihypertensive agent. It is a member of chalcones and a member of phenols. It derives from a trans-chalcone. 
86289672
Ascr#14 is an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside obtained by formal condensation of the alcoholic hydroxy group of (7R)-7-hydroxyoctanoic acid with ascarylopyranose (the alpha anomer). It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside. It derives from a (7R)-7-hydroxyoctanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an ascr#14(1-). 
182049
Rutacultin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as coumarins and derivatives. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a 1-benzopyran moiety with a ketone group at the C2 carbon atom (1-benzopyran-2-one). Rutacultin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, rutacultin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, rutacultin can be found in herbs and spices. This makes rutacultin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
44229140
L-galactonate is a galactonate that is the conjugate base of L-galactonic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a L-galactonic acid. It is an enantiomer of a D-galactonate. 
168759
(-)-pluviatolide is a butan-4-olide that is dihydrofuran-2(3H)-one which is substituted by a vanillyl group at position 3 and by a 3,4-methylenedioxybenzyl group at position 4 (the R,R stereoisomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of phenols, a member of benzodioxoles, an aromatic ether, a lignan and a butan-4-olide. 
5289105
(R)-pantoate is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a (R)-pantoic acid. 
10925
Isopentyl mercaptan, also known as 2-methyl-4-butanethiol or fema 3858, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. Isopentyl mercaptan is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, isopentyl mercaptan is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Isopentyl mercaptan is a glue and onion tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes isopentyl mercaptan a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
56959087
Naloxegol is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is naloxone in which the keto group is replaced by a PEG moiety. Used for treatment of opioid-induced constipation. It has a role as a mu-opioid receptor antagonist and a cathartic. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a member of phenols, an aromatic ether, a tertiary alcohol and a polyether. It derives from a naloxone. It derives from a hydride of a morphinan. Naloxegol is a pegylated form of naloxone, a peripherally-acting mu-opioid receptor antagonist, that can be used to reduce opioid-induced symptoms. Upon administration, naloxegol binds to and blocks mu-opioid receptors in the peripheral nervous system. This prevents peripheral opioid receptor activation and abrogates opioid-induced side effects, such as opioid-induced constipation (OIC). Pegylation of naloxone reduces permeability across the blood-brain barrier (BBB) and prevents this agent from interfering with the analgesic activity of opioid receptor agonists. 
81629
Bis (aminopropyl) piperazine appears as a colorless liquid with a faint fishlike odor. Corosive to tissue. Burns, although requiring some effort to ignite. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 
49867926
XL765 is a sulfonamide obtained by formal condensation of the sulfonic acid group of 4-[(3-methoxy-4-methylbenzoyl)amino]benzenesulfonic acid with the primary aromatic amino group of N-(3,5-dimethoxyphenyl)quinoxaline-2,3-diamine. A dual PI3K/mTOR inhibitor used in cancer treatment. It has a role as an EC 2.7.1.137 (phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and a mTOR inhibitor. It is a sulfonamide, a quinoxaline derivative, an aromatic amine, a member of benzamides and an aromatic ether. 
77190
Propyl octadecanoate is an octadecanoate ester obtained by formal condensation between the carboxy group of octadecanoic (stearic) acid and the hydroxy group of propanol. It has a role as a metabolite. 
11382599
Lochnericine is an Aspidosperma alkaloid with molecular formula C21H24N2O3 found in the roots of Madagascar periwinkle (Catharanthus roseus, formerly known as Vinca rosea). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a methyl ester, an epoxide and an Aspidosperma alkaloid. It is a conjugate base of a lochnericine(1+). 
221122
Coprostanol is a member of the class of phytosterols that is 5beta-cholestane carrying a hydroxy substituent at the 3beta-position. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a human urinary metabolite and an environmental contaminant. It is a cholestanoid, a 3-hydroxy steroid and a member of phytosterols. It derives from a hydride of a 5beta-cholestane. 
14778
Calcium oxide appears as an odorless, white or gray-white solid in the form of hard lumps. A strong irritant to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Used in insecticides and fertilizers. Calcium oxide is a member of the class of calcium oxides of calcium and oxygen in a 1:1 ratio. It has a role as a fertilizer. 
12775
3-Ethyl-5-methylphenol, also known as 5-ethyl-m-cresol or m-cresol, 5-ethyl- (8ci), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as meta cresols. These are aromatic compounds containing a meta-cresol moiety, which consists of a benzene ring bearing a methyl group and a hydroxyl group at ring positions 1 and 3, respectively. 3-Ethyl-5-methylphenol exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, 3-ethyl-5-methylphenol can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes 3-ethyl-5-methylphenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
439455
1D-myo-inositol 1,3,4-trisphosphate is a myo-inositol trisphosphate. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a myo-inositol. It is a conjugate acid of a 1D-myo-inositol 1,3,4-trisphosphate(6-). 
447916
9-beta-D-xylofuranosyladenine is a purine nucleoside in which adenine is attached to xylofuranose via a beta-N(9)-glycosidic bond. It derives from an adenine. 
14491
1, 6-Hexanedithiol, also known as hexane-1, 6-dithiol or 1, 6-dimercaptohexane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. 1, 6-Hexanedithiol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1, 6-hexanedithiol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 1, 6-Hexanedithiol has a burnt, fatty, and meaty taste. 
5497105
2-trans,6-trans,10-trans-geranylgeranyl diphosphate(3-) is trianion of 2-trans,6-trans,10-trans-geranylgeranyl diphosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 2-trans,6-trans,10-trans-geranylgeranyl diphosphate. 
5979
Strychnine and salts appears as colorless to white crystals. Used as a rodenticide. Burns, though difficult to ignite. Toxic by ingestion. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 
644013
O-hydroxy(phenyl)phosphinoyl ecgonine methyl ester is the O-hydroxy(phenyl)phosphinoyl derivative of ecgonine methyl ester. It has a role as an epitope. It is a tropane alkaloid, a methyl ester and a phosphonic ester. It derives from an ecgonine methyl ester. 
49806720
Alectinib is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is 6,6-dimethyl-5,6-dihydro-11H-benzo[b]carbazol-11-one carrying additional cyano, 4-(morpholin-4-yl)piperidin-1-yl and ethyl substituents at positions 3, 8 and 9 respectively. Used (as the hydrochloride salt) for the treatment of patients with anaplastic lymphoma kinase-positive, metastatic non-small cell lung cancer. It has a role as an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a member of morpholines, a member of piperidines, a nitrile and an aromatic ketone. It is a conjugate base of an alectinib(1+). Alectinib is an orally available inhibitor of the receptor tyrosine kinase anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) with antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, alectinib binds to and inhibits ALK kinase, ALK fusion proteins as well as the gatekeeper mutation ALKL1196M known as one of the mechanisms of acquired resistance to small-molecule kinase inhibitors. The inhibition leads to disruption of ALK-mediated signaling and eventually inhibits tumor cell growth in ALK-overexpressing tumor cells. ALK belongs to the insulin receptor superfamily and plays an important role in nervous system development. ALK dysregulation and gene rearrangements are associated with a series of tumors. 
5416
Krypton, compressed, is a colorless, odorless gas. It is shipped as a liquid under its own vapor pressure. Contact with the liquid may cause frostbite to unprotected skin. It can asphyxiate by displacement of air. Exposure of the container to prolonged heat or fire may cause it to rupture violently and rocket. 
538920
(R)-8-Acetoxycarvotanacetone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes (R)-8-Acetoxycarvotanacetone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (R)-8-acetoxycarvotanacetone is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, (R)-8-acetoxycarvotanacetone can be found in herbs and spices. This makes (R)-8-acetoxycarvotanacetone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
978
P-aminobenzoic acid appears as colorless crystals that discolor on exposure to light and air. (NTP, 1992) 4-aminobenzoic acid is an aminobenzoic acid in which the amino group is para to the carboxy group. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a plant metabolite and an allergen. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-aminobenzoate. Aminobenzoic Acid is an organic acid with UV absorption and antifibrotic properties. When exposed to light, aminobenzoic acid (para-aminobenzoic acid or PABA) absorbs UV light and emits excess energy via a photochemical reaction that may cause damage to DNA. Because DNA defects contribute to skin cancer, aminobenzoic acid is no longer widely used in sunscreen formulations. Aminobenzoic acid may also increase oxygen uptake at the tissue level and may enhance monoamine oxidase (MAO) activity to promote the degradation of serotonin, which in excess, may lead to fibrotic changes. 
3902
Letrozole is a member of triazoles and a nitrile. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 1.14.14.14 (aromatase) inhibitor. Letrozole is a nonsteroidal inhibitor of estrogen synthesis with antineoplastic activity. As a third-generation aromatase inhibitor, letrozole selectively and reversibly inhibits aromatase, which may result in growth inhibition of estrogen-dependent breast cancer cells. Aromatase, a cytochrome P-450 enzyme localized to the endoplasmic reticulum of the cell and found in many tissues including those of the premenopausal ovary, liver, and breast, catalyzes the aromatization of androstenedione and testosterone into estrone and estradiol, the final step in estrogen biosynthesis. 
7009592
Met-Ser is a dipeptide composed of L-methionine and L-serine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-methionine and a L-serine. 
9974249
NMNH is a nicotinamide mononucleotide that is obtained by addition of hydride to position 4 on the pyridine ring of NMN(+). It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a NMN(+). It is a conjugate acid of a NMNH(2-). 
12753
Pyridine N-oxide is the pyridine N-oxide derived from the parent pyridine. It is a drug metabolite of the antihypertensive agent pinacidil. It has a role as a drug metabolite. 
443992
N-acetyl-L-2-aminoadipic acid is an N-acetyl-L-amino acid consisting of L-2-aminoadipic acid carrying an N-acetyl substituent. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-L-2-aminoadipate(2-). 
6038
Quinolin-2-ol is a monohydroxyquinoline carrying a hydroxy substituent at position 2. It is an intermediate metabolite produced duting the microbial degradation of quinoline. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a tautomer of a quinolin-2(1H)-one. 
54686764
Demeclocycline hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of demeclocycline. A tetracycline antibiotic, it is used (mainly as the hydrochloride) for the treatment of Lyme disease, acne and bronchitis, as well as for hyponatraemia (low blood sodium concentration) due to the syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone (SIADH) where fluid restriction alone has been ineffective. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It contains a demeclocycline. Demeclocycline Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of demeclocycline, a broad-spectrum, tetracycline derivative exhibiting antimicrobial, aquaretic and chelating activities. In bacteria, demeclocycline binds reversibly to the 30S ribosomal subunit and blocks the binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the A-site of the mRNA-ribosome complex, resulting in the inhibition of protein synthesis and bacterial cell death. In mammals, this agent interferes with the action of antidiuretic hormone (ADH) at the level of the renal collecting tubule, resulting in aquaresis. In addition, demeclocycline, which like other tetracyclines chelates calcium in bone and exhibits a yellow fluorescence under ultraviolet (UV) light, may be used as a fluorescent bone-labeling agent in bone histomorphometry. 
251529
Linalyl phenylacetate, also known as fema 3501 or linalyl alpha-toluate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aromatic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing at least one aromatic ring. Linalyl phenylacetate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, linalyl phenylacetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Linalyl phenylacetate has a sweet, honey, and neroli taste. 
11593
Acetoxyacetone, also known as acetol acetate or acetoxypropanone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha-acyloxy ketones. These are ketones that have an acyloxy substituent alpha to the carbonyl group. They have the general structure R4C(=O)OC(R2)(R3)C(R1)=O (R1=organyl, R4=H or organyl; R2, R3 = any atom). Acetoxyacetone is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, acetoxyacetone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Acetoxyacetone is a buttery and fruity tasting compound that can be found in pineapple. This makes acetoxyacetone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
7662
3-Phenylpropyl 2-methylpropanoate, also known as 3-phenylpropyl isobutyrate or aspulvinone H, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. 3-Phenylpropyl 2-methylpropanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3-phenylpropyl 2-methylpropanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 3-Phenylpropyl 2-methylpropanoate has a sweet, balsam, and bitter taste. 
140048
Allyl methyl sulfone, also known as AMSO2 or NSC 403680, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sulfones. Sulfones are compounds containing a sulfonyl group( which as the general structure RS(=O)2R' (R, R' =alkyl, aryl)) attached to two carbon atoms. Allyl methyl sulfone is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Allyl methyl sulfone has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and breast milk. 
5281244
Lutein 5,6-epoxide is an epoxycarotenol derivative of lutein. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a lutein. 
100751
Dehydroneotenone, also known as neotenone, dehydro, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isoflavones. These are polycyclic compounds containing a 2-isoflavene skeleton which bears a ketone group at the C4 carbon atom. Thus, dehydroneotenone is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. Dehydroneotenone exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, dehydroneotenone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, dehydroneotenone can be found in jicama and pulses. This makes dehydroneotenone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
136417
, also known as 5-oh-hxmf, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 8-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C8 atom of the flavonoid backbone. Thus, is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in citrus and sweet orange. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
7908
1,3-dimethylbutylamine appears as a liquid with a fishlike odor. Less dense than water. Flash point 39 - 55°F. Vapors heavier than air. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. 
3769888
Primuline is an organic sodium salt having 2'-(4-aminophenyl)-6-methyl[2,6'-bi-1,3-benzothiazole]-7-sulfonate as the counterion. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. It is an organic sodium salt and an organosulfonate salt. It contains a 2'-(4-aminophenyl)-6-methyl[2,6'-bi-1,3-benzothiazole]-7-sulfonate. 
5281758
Asarone is a phenylpropanoid that is benzene substituted by methoxy groups at positions 1, 2 and 4 and a propen-1-yl group at position 5. It has been isolated from Acorus. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a phenylpropanoid and a member of methoxybenzenes. 
449370
3-O-methyl-alpha-L-rhamnose is a monosaccharide derivative that is the 3-O-methyl derivative of alpha-L-rhamnopyranose. An epitope identified from the glycolipids isolated from Mycobacterium peregrinum. It has a role as an epitope. It derives from an alpha-L-rhamnopyranose. 
9543250
Urea-1-carboxylate is an organic anion resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of urea-1-carboxylic acid. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a urea-1-carboxylic acid. 
156203
Peperinic acid, also known as peperinate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzofurans. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to a furan. Furan is a five-membered aromatic ring with four carbon atoms and one oxygen atom. Peperinic acid exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, peperinic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, peperinic acid can be found in herbs and spices. This makes peperinic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
179
Acetyl methyl carbinol appears as a light-yellow colored liquid that can form a crystalline solid when it dimerizes. Slightly denser than water. Hence sinks in water. Used to make other chemicals. Acetoin is a methyl ketone that is butan-2-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a methyl ketone and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
165390
Methacrylyl-CoA is an acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of methacrylic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a methacrylic acid and a coenzyme A. It is a conjugate acid of a methacrylyl-CoA(4-). 
444394
(1S,2S,5S)-2-(4-glutaridylbenzyl)-5-phenylcyclohexan-1-ol is a gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)-based hapten where a 4-substituted benzoyl group is attached to nitrogen. It has a role as a hapten. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of cyclohexanols and a N-acyl-gamma-aminobutyric acid. It derives from a gamma-aminobutyric acid. 
439853
3-dehydrosphinganine is a 2-amino-1-hydroxyoctadecan-3-one that has S-configuration. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a sphinganine. It is a conjugate base of a 3-dehydrosphinganinium(1+). 
439217
Alpha-D-glucosamine 6-phosphate is a 2-amino-2-deoxy-D-glucopyranose 6-phosphate that has an alpha-configuration at the anomeric position. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from an alpha-D-glucosamine. It is a conjugate acid of an alpha-D-glucosamine 6-phosphate(1-). 
160497
Cycloartane is a triterpene that is lanostane in which there is a methylene bridge between the 5- and 9-positions. It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. 
10027278
OSU-03012 is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is N-[4-(pyrazol-1-yl)phenyl]glycinamide in which the pyrazole ring is substituted at positions 3 and 5 by trifluoromethyl and phenanthrene-2-yl groups respectively. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.1 (non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is a member of pyrazoles, a member of phenanthrenes, an organofluorine compound, a glycine derivative, an aromatic amide and an antibiotic antifungal drug. PDK1 Inhibitor AR-12 is an orally bioavailable, small-molecule, celecoxib-derived inhibitor of phosphoinositide-dependent kinase-1 (PDK1) with potential antineoplastic activity. Devoid of any COX inhibiting activity, PDK1 inhibitor AR-12 binds to and inhibits the phosphorylation of 3-phosphoinositide-dependent kinase-1 (PDK-1).; subsequently, the phosphorylation and activation of the serine/threonine protein kinase Akt (protein kinase B or PKB) is inhibited, which may result in inhibition of the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway, inhibition of tumor cell proliferation, and the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. In addition, this agent appears to induce the activity of protein kinase R-like endoplasmic reticulum kinase (PERK), which plays a key role in the endoplasmic reticulum stress pathway. Activation and dysregulation of the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway is frequently associated with tumorigenesis and dysregulated PI3K/Akt signaling may contribute to tumor resistance to a variety of antineoplastic agents. 
61829
1, 2-Butanedithiol, also known as 1, 2-dimercaptobutane or fema 3528, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. 1, 2-Butanedithiol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1, 2-butanedithiol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
8150
Diethylene glycol dimethyl ether is a colorless watery liquid with a pleasant odor. Floats and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) Diglyme is a polyether that is the dimethyl ether derivative of diethylene glycol. It has a role as a solvent, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It derives from a diethylene glycol. 
7582
Dicyclohexylamine appears as a colorless liquid with a faint fishlike odor. Less dense than water. May be toxic by ingestion. Severely irritates skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Used to make paints, varnishes and detergents. 
74764517
Dithiazanine iodide appears as green, needle-like crystals. Used as a veterinary anthelmintic, as a sensitizer for photographic emulsions and as an insecticides. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
557527
16-heptadecenal is a monounsaturated fatty aldehyde that is heptadecanal carrying a double bond at position 16. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a monounsaturated fatty aldehyde and a long-chain fatty aldehyde. 
61546
Magnesium phosphide is a white crystalline solid. It reacts violently with water and may ignite upon contact with air. It is toxic by ingestion. It is used to make other chemicals. 
7099940
2-(beta-D-glucopyranosyloxy)benzoic acid is a 2-(D-glucosyloxy)benzoic acid with beta configuration at the anomeric centre. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent and a plant metabolite. It derives from a beta-D-glucose. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-(beta-D-glucopyranosyloxy)benzoate. 
418040
Alanyl-proline, also known as a-p dipeptide or ala-pro, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Alanyl-proline is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Alanyl-proline has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and saliva. 
116363
2, 4-Heptadecanedione, also known as myristoylacetone or tetradecanoylacetone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta-diketones. These are organic compounds containing two keto groups separated by a single carbon atom. 2, 4-Heptadecanedione exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2, 4-heptadecanedione is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 4-heptadecanedione can be found in herbs and spices. This makes 2, 4-heptadecanedione a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
688499
L-isoleucine 2-naphthylamide is an L-isoleucine derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-isoleucine with the amino group of 2-naphthylamine. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamide, an amino acid amide and a L-isoleucine derivative. 
2624
Cefmenoxime is a third-generation, semi-synthetic, beta-lactam cephalosporin antibiotic with antibacterial activity. Cefmenoxime binds to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs), transpeptidases that are responsible for crosslinking of peptidoglycan. By preventing crosslinking of peptidoglycan, cell wall integrity is lost and cell wall synthesis is halted. 
7360
Tetrahydrofurfuryl alcohol appears as a clear colorless liquid with a mild odor. Vapors are heavier than air. Tetrahydrofurfuryl alcohol is a primary alcohol that is methanol in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group has been replaced by a tetrahydrofuran-2-yl group. It has a role as a protic solvent. It is a primary alcohol and a member of oxolanes. 
5464257
Cefteram is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Cefteram binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
205601
4-methyl-alpha-ethylaminopentiophenone is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
28469
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. Thus, is considered to be a hydrocarbon lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in nuts and pulses. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
612831
Dihydrogeodin is a member of the class of benzophenones that is sulochrin in which the hydrogens at positions 3 and 5 are substituted by chloro groups. It is isolated from several Aspergillus species. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a member of phenols, a methyl ester, a member of benzophenones, a dichlorobenzene and an aromatic ether. It derives from a sulochrin. It is a conjugate acid of a dihydrogeodin(2-). 
17507
2,5-dihydroxybenzenesulfonic acid is a dihydroxybenzenesulfonic acid that is hydroquinone in which one of the phenyl hydrogens is substituted by a sulfonic acid group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a dihydroxybenzenesulfonic acid and a member of hydroquinones. It derives from a hydroquinone. 
578941
N-Carbamoyl-2-amino-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)acetic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-carbamoyl-alpha amino acids. N-carbamoyl-alpha amino acids are compounds containing an alpha amino acid which bears an carbamoyl group at its terminal nitrogen atom. N-Carbamoyl-2-amino-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)acetic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, N-carbamoyl-2-amino-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)acetic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, N-carbamoyl-2-amino-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)acetic acid can be found in pulses. This makes N-carbamoyl-2-amino-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)acetic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
2735067
Sodium dodecanoate is an organic sodium salt resulting from the replacement of the proton from the carboxy group of dodecanoic acid by a sodium ion. It has a role as a detergent. It contains a dodecanoate. 
6649
Diphenyloxide-4,4&#39;-disulfonyl hydrazide appears as a colorless, crystalline solid with a geranium-like odor. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Moderately toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Readily ignited by sparks or flames and burns intensely and persistently. 
230683
3-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)butanoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanoic acids. Phenylpropanoic acids are compounds with a structure containing a benzene ring conjugated to a propanoic acid. 3-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)butanoic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
167298
D-xylulose 1,5-bisphosphate is a xylulose phosphate that is D-xylulose carrying two phospho groups at positions 1 and 5. It has a role as an EC 4.1.1.39 (ribulose-bisphosphate carboxylase) inhibitor. It derives from a D-xylulose. It is a conjugate acid of a D-xylulose 1,5-bisphosphate(4-). 
68081
Isoimperatorin is a member of the class of psoralens that is psoralen substituted by a prenyloxy group at position 5. Isolated from Angelica dahurica and Angelica koreana, it acts as a acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor. 
102847
3-Methyl-4-phenylbutan-2-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. 3-Methyl-4-phenylbutan-2-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
6514
3-mercaptopropanoic acid is a mercaptopropanoic acid that is propanoic acid carrying a sulfanyl group at position 3. It has a role as an algal metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-mercaptopropionate. 
10184665
Vilanterol is an dichlorobenzene derivative that is used in the form of its trifenate salt for treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic agonist and a bronchodilator agent. It is an ether, a secondary amino compound, a member of benzyl alcohols, a member of phenols and a dichlorobenzene. It is a conjugate base of a vilanterol(1+). 
550597
Heliocide H3 belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxyanthraquinones. Hydroxyanthraquinones are compounds containing a hydroxyanthraquinone moiety, which consists of an anthracene bearing a quinone, and hydroxyl group. Heliocide H3 exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, heliocide H3 is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, heliocide H3 can be found in fats and oils. This makes heliocide H3 a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
61016
, also known as 2, 6-DMH or dimethyl heptenal, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain aldehydes. These are an aldehyde with a chain length containing between 6 and 12 carbon atoms. Thus, is considered to be a fatty aldehyde lipid molecule. is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). 
709
3-(4-Hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycinnamic acids. Hydroxycinnamic acids are compounds containing an cinnamic acid where the benzene ring is hydroxylated. 3-(4-Hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
441073
Quinine is a natural cinchona alkaloid that has been used for centuries in the prevention and therapy of malaria. Quinine is also used for idiopathic muscle cramps. Quinine therapy has been associated with rare instances of hypersensitivity reactions which can be accompanied by hepatitis and mild jaundice. Quinine Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of the quinidine alkaloid isolate quinine. Quinine has many mechanisms of action, including reduction of oxygen intake and carbohydrate metabolism; disruption of DNA replication and transcription via DNA intercalation; and reduction of the excitability of muscle fibers via alteration of calcium distribution. This agent also inhibits the drug efflux pump P-glycoprotein which is overexpressed in multi-drug resistant tumors and may improve the efficacy of some antineoplastic agents. (NCI04) 
62328
Alpha-Terpineol propanoate, also known as a-terpineol propanoic acid or p-menth-1-en-8-yl propionate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. Alpha-Terpineol propanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, Alpha-terpineol propanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Alpha-Terpineol propanoate is a bitter, citrus, and geranium tasting compound that can be found in lemon and wild celery. This makes Alpha-terpineol propanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
6581
Acrylic acid is a colorless liquid with a distinctive acrid odor. Flash point 130°F. Boiling point 286°F. Freezing point 53°F. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Prolonged exposure to fire or heat can cause polymerization. If polymerization takes place in a closed container, violent rupture may occur. The inhibitor (usually hydroquinone) greatly reduces the tendency to polymerize. Acrylic acid is a alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid that is ethene substituted by a carboxy group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an acrylate. 
442986
Veracevine is a cyclic hemiketal that is cevane that has an oxygen bridge from the 4alpha to the 9 position and is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 3beta, 4beta, 12, 14, 16beta, 17, and 20 positions. It has a role as an insecticide. It is a cyclic hemiketal, an alkaloid, a heptol, a tertiary amino compound, a tertiary alcohol and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a hydride of a cevane. 
16331
Butyl levulinate, also known as fema 2207, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma-keto acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an aldehyde substituted with a keto group on the C4 carbon atom. Butyl levulinate is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, butyl levulinate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Butyl levulinate has a bitter, caramel, and fruity taste. 
62358
Ammonium lactate appears as white solid or liquid. Has no odor. Sinks and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) Ammonium Lactate is an organic salt of ammonium (lactic acid neutralized with ammonium hydroxide), topical moisturizing Ammonium Lactate can be applied as a humectant in ichthyosis vulgaris and xerosis. Available as cream or lotion, this agent moisturizes the skin and breaks up the scales. (NCI04) 
7411
Benzylidene chloride appears as a colorless oily liquid with a faint aromatic odor. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Strongly irritates skin and eyes. Used to manufacture dyes. 
12522
Succinamic acid is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide of succinic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a succinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a succinamate. 
102604
Dihydrogeranylacetone, also known as tetrahydro-pseudo-ionone or citronellylacetone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenes that do not contain a cycle. Dihydrogeranylacetone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, dihydrogeranylacetone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Dihydrogeranylacetone has a sweet, balsam, and floral taste. 
30181
Xi-2, 2, 6-trimethyl-1, 4-cyclohexanedione belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. Xi-2, 2, 6-trimethyl-1, 4-cyclohexanedione is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, xi-2, 2, 6-trimethyl-1, 4-cyclohexanedione is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, xi-2, 2, 6-trimethyl-1, 4-cyclohexanedione can be found in herbs and spices. This makes xi-2, 2, 6-trimethyl-1, 4-cyclohexanedione a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
522296
3, 7(11)-Eudesmadiene, also known as selina-3, 7(11)-dien or aristolochene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. 3, 7(11)-Eudesmadiene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3, 7(11)-eudesmadiene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 3, 7(11)-eudesmadiene can be found in alcoholic beverages, fats and oils, and ginger. This makes 3, 7(11)-eudesmadiene a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
89340
3-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)-1-phenylprop-2-en-1-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as retrochalcones. These are a form of normal chalcones that are structurally distinguished by the lack of oxygen functionalities at the C2'- and C6'-positions. 3-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)-1-phenylprop-2-en-1-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
67116
4-Ethoxy-3-methoxybenzaldehyde, also known as 4-ethoxy-3-anisaldehyde or ethylvanillin?, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoyl derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an acyl moiety of benzoic acid with the formula (C6H5CO-). 4-Ethoxy-3-methoxybenzaldehyde exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 4-ethoxy-3-methoxybenzaldehyde is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 4-Ethoxy-3-methoxybenzaldehyde has a sweet, floral, and vanilla taste. 
151031
Tricholomic acid, also known as tricholomate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon). Tricholomic acid exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, tricholomic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, tricholomic acid can be found in mushrooms. This makes tricholomic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
25018459
Cyclomontanin C is a homodetic cyclic peptide composed of L-asparaginyl, L-phenylalanyl, L-prolyl, L-threonyl, L-histidyl and L-valyl residues linked in a sequence. It is isolated from the seeds of Annona montana and has been shown to exhibit anti-inflammatory activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. 
24408
Bromine is a dark reddish-brown fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Denser than water and soluble in water. Hence sinks in water. Toxic by inhalation. Accelerates the burning of combustible material. It is very corrosive to tissue and to metals. 
7974
2-Methylpiperidine, also known as 2-pipecoline or alpha -pipecolin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as piperidines. Piperidines are compounds containing a piperidine ring, which is a saturated aliphatic six-member ring with one nitrogen atom and five carbon atoms. 2-Methylpiperidine is soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-methylpiperidine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Methylpiperidine has an amine, chip, and corn taste. 
5370144
1,2,3-trichloropropene appears as an amber liquid. May be absorbed through the skin. Vapors are heavier than air. Contact with vapors or liquid may cause burns or irritation. 
5461023
Cerotate is the conjugate base of cerotic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a very long-chain fatty acid anion, a fatty acid anion 26:0 and an omega-methyl fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a hexacosanoic acid. 
529055
Dihydro-4, 6-dimethyl-2-(1-methylethyl)-4H-1, 3, 5-dithiazine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3, 5-dithiazinanes. These are cyclic compounds that contain a dithiazinane ring, which is a saturated heterocycle that consisting of one nitrogen atom, two sulfur atoms at the 1-, 3-, and 5- position, respectively. Dihydro-4, 6-dimethyl-2-(1-methylethyl)-4H-1, 3, 5-dithiazine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, dihydro-4, 6-dimethyl-2-(1-methylethyl)-4H-1, 3, 5-dithiazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, dihydro-4, 6-dimethyl-2-(1-methylethyl)-4H-1, 3, 5-dithiazine can be found in mollusks. This makes dihydro-4, 6-dimethyl-2-(1-methylethyl)-4H-1, 3, 5-dithiazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
107968
S-methyl-L-thiocitrulline is an L-arginine derivative in which the guanidino NH2 group of L-arginine is replaced by a methylsufanyl group. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor and a neuroprotective agent. It is a L-arginine derivative, a L-ornithine derivative, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and an imidothiocarbamic ester. 
91713
Ceftazidime is a beta-lactam, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Ceftazidime binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. Compared to the second and first generation cephalosporins, ceftazidime is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria. Ceftazidine also crosses the blood-brain barrier and reaches therapeutic concentrations in the central nervous system (CNS). 
23724672
Lipoyl-AMP is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate having adenine as the nucleobase and a lipoyl group attached to one of the phosphate OH groups. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate, a member of dithiolanes and an acyclic mixed acid anhydride. It derives from an adenosine 5'-monophosphate, a lipoic acid and an octanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a lipoyl-AMP(1-). 
3033050
Buprenorphine is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. Buprenorphine Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of buprenorphine, a synthetic phenanthrene with narcotic analgesic activity. Buprenorphine hydrochloride is a partial agonist at the mu-opioid receptor and an antagonist at the kapa-opioid receptor in the central nervous system. However, under the conditions of recommended use it behaves as a classic mu-opioid agonist, mimicking the actions of endogenous peptides at CNS opioid receptors. The agonist action results in a raised pain threshold and increased tolerance to pain. However, it also causes sedation, physical dependence, and respiratory depressant effects and decreases heart rate and blood pressure. 
452020
Lamivudine sulfoxide belongs to the class of organic compounds known as nucleoside and nucleotide analogues. These are analogues of nucleosides and nucleotides. These include phosphonated nucleosides, C-glycosylated nucleoside bases, analogues where the sugar unit is a pyranose, and carbocyclic nucleosides, among others. Lamivudine sulfoxide is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Lamivudine sulfoxide has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, lamivudine sulfoxide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Lamivudine sulfoxide can be biosynthesized from lamivudine; which is catalyzed by the enzyme sulfotransferase 1A1. In humans, lamivudine sulfoxide is involved in the lamivudine metabolism pathway. 
24580
Manganese(II) sulfate is a metal sulfate in which the metal component is manganese in the +2 oxidation state. It has a role as a nutraceutical. It is a metal sulfate and a manganese molecular entity. It contains a manganese(2+). 
5281666
Kaempferide is a monomethoxyflavone that is the 4'-O-methyl derivative of kaempferol. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent and a metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavone, a monomethoxyflavone and a 7-hydroxyflavonol. It derives from a kaempferol. It is a conjugate acid of a kaempferide(1-). 
7895
Methyl propyl ketone appears as a clear colorless liquid with the odor of fingernail polish. Flash point 45°F. Less dense than water and soluble in water. Hence floats on water. Density 0.809 g / cm3. Vapors heavier than air. Pentan-2-one is a pentanone carrying an oxo substituent at position 2. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a methyl ketone and a pentanone. 
115012
Soyasapogenol B is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is oleanane containing a double bond between positions 12 and 13 and substituted by hydroxy groups at the 3beta, 22beta and 24-positions. It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 
263471
Tryptophyl-glycine, also known as TRP-gly or W-g dipeptide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Tryptophyl-glycine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Tryptophyl-glycine has been primarily detected in feces. 
161466
N-[(9-beta-D-ribofuranosylpurin-6-yl)carbamoyl]threonine is an N-(adenosin-N(6)-ylcarbonyl)threonine in which the threonine portion has L-configuration. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a N-(adenosin-N(6)-ylcarbonyl)threonine and a L-threonine derivative. It derives from an adenosine. It is a conjugate acid of a N-[(9-beta-D-ribofuranosylpurin-6-yl)carbamoyl]threonate. 
440763
Selenohomocysteine, also known as se-selenocysteine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon). Selenohomocysteine is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Selenohomocysteine exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Selenohomocysteine participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, L-Serine and selenohomocysteine can be converted into selenocystathionine; which is mediated by the enzyme cystathionine beta-synthase. Furthermore, Selenohomocysteine and adenosine can be biosynthesized from se-adenosylselenohomocysteine; which is mediated by the enzyme adenosylhomocysteinase. Furthermore, Selenohomocysteine and 5-methyltetrahydropteroyltri-L-glutamate can be converted into selenomethionine and tetrahydropteroyltri-L-glutamate; which is mediated by the enzyme N5-methyltetrahydropteroyltriglutamate-homocysteine methyltransferase. Finally, Selenohomocysteine and pyruvic acid can be biosynthesized from selenocystathionine through the action of the enzyme cystathionine beta-lyase. In humans, selenohomocysteine is involved in the selenoamino acid metabolism pathway. Outside of the human body, selenohomocysteine can be found in a number of food items such as black raspberry, globe artichoke, oil-seed camellia, and longan. This makes selenohomocysteine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
54886
Benfuracarb is a carbamate ester, a member of 1-benzofurans and an ethyl ester. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a carbamate insecticide and an agrochemical. 
409805
NSC 23766 is an aminopyrimidine that is 6-methylpyrimidine-2,4-diamine in which the amino groups at positions 2 and 4 are substituted by 5-(diethylamino)pentan-2-yl and 4-amino-2-methylquinolin-6-yl groups respectively. An inhibitor of the signalling G-protein known as RAC1 (Ras-related C3 botulinum toxin substrate 1). It has a role as an EC 3.6.5.2 (small monomeric GTPase) inhibitor, an antiviral agent, a muscarinic antagonist and an apoptosis inducer. It is an aminoquinoline, an aminopyrimidine, a primary amino compound, a secondary amino compound and a tertiary amino compound. 
951
Noradrenaline is a catecholamine in which C-1 of the aminoethyl side-chain is hydroxy-substituted. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. Norepinephrine, DL- is a synthetic phenylethylamine that mimics the sympathomimetic actions of the endogenous norepinephrine. Norepinephrine acts directly on the alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptors. Clinically, norepinephrine is used as a peripheral vasoconstrictor that causes constriction of arterial and venous beds via its alpha-adrenergic action. It is also used as a potent inotropic and chronotropic stimulator of the heart mediated through its beta-1 adrenergic action. 
3715
Indometacin is a member of the class of indole-3-acetic acids that is indole-3-acetic acid in which the indole ring is substituted at positions 1, 2 and 5 by p-chlorobenzoyl, methyl, and methoxy groups, respectively. A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, it is used in the treatment of musculoskeletal and joint disorders including osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, gout, bursitis and tendinitis. It has a role as an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor, an analgesic, a gout suppressant, a drug metabolite, a xenobiotic metabolite, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is a N-acylindole, a member of monochlorobenzenes, an aromatic ether and a member of indole-3-acetic acids. Indomethacin is a synthetic nonsteroidal indole derivative with anti-inflammatory activity and chemopreventive properties. As a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), indomethacin inhibits the enzyme cyclooxygenase, thereby preventing cyclooxygenase-mediated DNA adduct formation by heterocyclic aromatic amines. This agent also may inhibit the expression of multidrug-resistant protein type 1, resulting in increased efficacies of some antineoplastic agents in treating multi-drug resistant tumors. In addition, indomethacin activates phosphatases that inhibit the migration and proliferation of cancer cells and downregulates survivin, which may result in tumor cell apoptosis. (NCI04) 
442664
Isovitexin 8-C-beta-glucoside is a C-glycosyl compound that is isovitexin in which the hydrogen at position 8 is replaced by a beta-D-glucosyl residue. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavone and a C-glycosyl compound. It derives from an isovitexin. 
196876
1,3-dimethyl-2-[(2-oxopropyl)thio]imidazolium chloride is an organic chloride salt in which the cationic component is 1,3-dimethyl-2-[(2-oxopropyl)thio]imidazolium. It has a role as an EC 2.3.2.13 (protein-glutamine gamma-glutamyltransferase) inhibitor. It contains a 1,3-dimethyl-2-[(2-oxopropyl)thio]imidazolium. 
8206
Hexadecanoyl chloride appears as a clear colorless to light yellow liquid with a pungent odor. Freezing point 11-12°C. Irritates skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. 
10890
N-amyl butyrate appears as a colorless liquid. Less dense than water. May emit acrid fumes and irritating smoke when burned. Used to make plastics. Pentyl butyrate is the butyrate ester of pentan-1-ol. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a pentan-1-ol. 
1864
6-hydroxymelatonin is a member of the class of tryptamines that is melatonin with a hydroxy group substituent at position 6. It has a role as a metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of acetamides and a member of tryptamines. It derives from a melatonin. 
54675850
Salicylate is a monohydroxybenzoate that is the conjugate base of salicylic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a salicylic acid. 
31254
N-methylformamide is a clear colorless liquid with a slight amine odor. (NTP, 1992) N-methylformamide is a member of the class of formamides having a N-methyl substituent. It derives from a formamide. N-Methylformamide is a water-soluble organic solvent. As an adjuvant antineoplastic agent, N-methylformamide depletes cellular glutathione, a key molecule involved in the antioxidation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and other free radicals, thereby enhancing ionizing radiation-induced DNA cross-linking in and terminal differentiation of tumor cells. (NCI04) 
558
5-guanidino-2-oxopentanoic acid is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is 2-oxopentanoic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a carbamimidamido group. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and a human metabolite. It derives from a valeric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-guanidino-2-oxopentanoate. It is a tautomer of a 5-guanidino-2-oxopentanoic acid zwitterion. 
61294
, also known as N-octyl caprylate or fema 2811, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. Thus, is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. has a coconut, fruity, and oily taste. 
7439
Carvone is a p-menthane monoterpenoid that consists of cyclohex-2-enone having methyl and isopropenyl substituents at positions 2 and 5, respectively. It has a role as an allergen. It is a member of carvones and a botanical anti-fungal agent. Spearmint Oil is the essential oil extracted from the flowering tops of Mentha spicata. Spearmint oil is used for its aromatic properties and for treatment of illnesses of the digestive and respiratory systems. 
8069
Butyraldoxime appears as a liquid. Flash point 140°F. Slightly less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make plastics and rubber. Butanal oxime is an aliphatic aldoxime resulting from the formal condensation of the carbonyl group of n-butanal with hydroxylamine. 
259793
2-oxononanoic acid is a nine-carbon straight-chain 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a nonanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-oxononanoate. 
93483
Imibenconazole is a member of the class of imidothioates that is the S-4-chlorobenzyl thioester of N-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)ethanimidothioic acid. Used to control a range of fungal diseases affecting fruit, vegetables, turf and ornamentals. It has a low mammalian toxicity and shows a moderate level of toxicity to fish, daphnia and earthworms but is relatively non-toxic to honey bees, birds and algae. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a dichlorobenzene, a member of triazoles, a member of monochlorobenzenes, an imidothioate, a conazole fungicide and a triazole fungicide. 
138393800
Lanreotide is a synthetic polypeptide analogue of somatostatin that resembles the native hormone in its ability to suppress levels and activity of growth hormone, insulin, glucagon and many other gastrointestinal peptides. Because its half-life is longer than somatostatin, lanreotide can be used clinically to treat neuroendocrine tumors that secrete excessive amounts of growth hormone (acromegaly) or other active hormones or neuropeptides. Lanreotide has many side effects including suppression of gall bladder contractility and bile production, and maintenance therapy may cause cholelithiasis and pancreatitis as well accompanying liver injury. Lanreotide is a synthetic cyclic octapeptide analogue of somatostatin. Lanreotide binds to somatostatin receptors (SSTR), specifically SSTR-2 and also to SSTR-5 with a lesser affinity. However, compare with octreotide, this agent is less potent in inhibiting the release of growth hormone from the pituitary gland. Furthermore, lanreotide has an acute effect on decreasing circulating total and free insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-I). This agent is usually given as a prolonged-release microparticle or Autogel formulation for the treatment of acromegaly and to relieve the symptoms of neuroendocrine tumors. 
101536
(+/-)-ethyl 2-hydroxy-2-methylbutyrate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid (+/-)-ethyl 2-hydroxy-2-methylbutyrate is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa) (+/-)-ethyl 2-hydroxy-2-methylbutyrate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, (+/-)-ethyl 2-hydroxy-2-methylbutyrate is primarily located in the cytoplasm (+/-)-ethyl 2-hydroxy-2-methylbutyrate has a caramel and nutty taste. 
31249
Diethyl butanedioate, also known as ethyl succinate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Diethyl butanedioate exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Diethyl butanedioate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, diethyl butanedioate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Diethyl butanedioate exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Diethyl butanedioate has a mild, apple, and apricot taste. 
7948
3,5-dimethylphenol is a colorless to off-white crystalline solid. Odor threshold 1 ppm. Taste threshold 0.001 mg/L. (NTP, 1992) 3,5-xylenol is a member of the class of phenols that phenol substituted by methyl groups at positions 3 and 5. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a m-xylene. 
5460350
(3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)acetate is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of (3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)acetic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a phenylacetate. It is a conjugate base of a (3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)acetic acid. 
10140
Glycocholic acid is a bile acid glycine conjugate having cholic acid as the bile acid component. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a cholic acid and a glycochenodeoxycholic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a glycocholate. 
445
Erythrohydrobupropion belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. Erythrohydrobupropion is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, erythrohydrobupropion is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
449468
L-ornithinium(2+) is the L-enantiomer of ornithinium(2+). It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a L-ornithinium(1+). 
441658
Capensinidin is an anthocyanidin cation consisting of benzopyrylium with hydroxy substituents at positions 3 and 7, a methoxy group at position 5 and a 4-hydroxy-3,5-dimethoxyphenyl group at position 2 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
105108
3'-Azido-3'-deoxy-5'- O-beta-D-glucopyranuronosylthymidine, also known as azt glucuronide or gazt, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrimidine 2', 3'-dideoxyribonucleosides. Pyrimidine 2', 3'-dideoxyribonucleosides are compounds consisting of a pyrimidine linked to a ribose which lacks a hydroxyl group at positions 2 and 3. 3'-Azido-3'-deoxy-5'- O-beta-D-glucopyranuronosylthymidine is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 3'-Azido-3'-deoxy-5'- O-beta-D-glucopyranuronosylthymidine has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 3'-azido-3'-deoxy-5'- O-beta-D-glucopyranuronosylthymidine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
151008
N-hexadecanoylglycine is an N-acylglycine in which the acyl group is specified as hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl). It has a role as a marine metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a fatty amide and a N-acylglycine 16:0. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-hexadecanoylglycinate. 
407398
1,3,4,5,7,8-hexahydroxy-9,10-dioxo-9,10-dihydroanthracene-2,6-disulfonic acid is a hexahydroxyanthraquinone that is 1,3,4,5,7,8-hexahydroxy-9,10-anthraquinone carrying two additional sulfo groups at positions 2 and 6. The disodium salt is the biological stain 'alizarin cyanin BBS'. It has a role as a histological dye. It is an organosulfonic acid and a hexahydroxyanthraquinone. It is a conjugate acid of a 1,3,4,5,7,8-hexahydroxy-9,10-dioxo-9,10-dihydroanthracene-2,6-disulfonate. 
61628
Barium hypochlorite, with more than 22% available chlorine appears as a white-colored crystalline solid. Denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. May accelerate the burning of combustible materials. Prolonged exposure to heat or flames may result in an explosion. 
11671
2-hydroxyisobutyric acid is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is isobutyric acid bearing a hydroxy substituent at position 2. It is a metabolite of methyl tertiary-butyl ether. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from an isobutyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxyisobutyrate. 
14481
Malathion dicarboxylic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thia fatty acids. These are fatty acid derivatives obtained by insertion of a sulfur atom at specific positions in the chain. Malathion dicarboxylic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Malathion dicarboxylic acid has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, malathion dicarboxylic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm and adiposome. 
542172
7-octen-2-ol is an olefinic compound that octan-2-ol carrying a double bond at position 7. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a secondary alcohol and an olefinic compound. 
92784
5-Isopropylbicyclo[3. 1. 0]hexan-2-one, also known as 5-(1-methylethyl)-bicyclo(3. 1. 0)hexan-2-one or sabina ketone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. 5-Isopropylbicyclo[3. 1. 0]hexan-2-one is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 5-isopropylbicyclo[3. 1. 0]hexan-2-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 5-isopropylbicyclo[3. 1. 0]hexan-2-one can be found in herbs and spices and root vegetables. This makes 5-isopropylbicyclo[3. 1. 0]hexan-2-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
61447
1-Phenylpropyl butyrate, also known as a-ethylbenzyl butyrate or fema 2424, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. 1-Phenylpropyl butyrate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1-phenylpropyl butyrate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 1-Phenylpropyl butyrate has an apricot, floral, and fruity taste. 
5287969
Alvocidib is a synthetic dihydroxyflavone that is 5,7-dihydroxyflavone which is substituted by a 3-hydroxy-1-methylpiperidin-4-yl group at position 8 and by a chlorine at the 2' position (the (-)-3S,4R stereoisomer). A cyclin-dependent kinase 9 (CDK9) inhibitor, it has been studied for the treatment of acute myeloid leukaemia, arthritis and atherosclerotic plaque formation. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an EC 2.7.11.22 (cyclin-dependent kinase) inhibitor, an antirheumatic drug and an apoptosis inducer. It is a dihydroxyflavone, a hydroxypiperidine, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a tertiary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of an alvocidib(1+). Alvocidib is the free base form of a synthetic N-methylpiperidinyl chlorophenyl flavone compound. As an inhibitor of cyclin-dependent kinase, alvocidib induces cell cycle arrest by preventing phosphorylation of cyclin-dependent kinases (CDKs) and by down-regulating cyclin D1 and D3 expression, resulting in G1 cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. This agent is also a competitive inhibitor of adenosine triphosphate activity. 
41428
Trichlopyr is a monocarboxylic acid that is (pyridin-2-yloxy)acetic acid substituted by chloro groups at positions 3, 5 and 6. It is an agrochemical used as a herbicide. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a herbicide and an agrochemical. It is an aromatic ether, a chloropyridine and a monocarboxylic acid. 
11734
Chloropropionic acid appears as a colorless to white colored crystalline solid. Denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
8184
1-undecanol appears as a water-white liquid with a mild odor. Flash point 250°F. Slightly soluble in water. Considered a marine pollutant by DOT. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. As a liquid it can easily penetrate the soil and contaminate groundwater or streams. Mildly irritating to both the eyes and skin. Undecanol is a fatty alcohol that is undecane substituted by a hydroxy group at position 1. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a fatty alcohol and a primary alcohol. 
2328
Bentazone is a benzothiadiazine that is 1H-2,1,3-benzothiadiazin-4(3H)-one 2,2-dioxide substituted by an isopropyl group at position 3. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a herbicide. 
11585
Mercuric potassium cyanide appears as a colorless crystalline solid. Denser than water. Toxic by inhalation and ingestion. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 
62305
Doxycycline Calcium is the calcium salt form of doxycycline exhibiting antimicrobial activity. Doxycycline blocks binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the mRNA-ribosome complex, thereby inhibiting protein synthesis. In addition, this agent has exhibited inhibition of collagenase activity. (NCI) 
155385
Propachlor OXA is a monocarboxylic acid that is oxoacetic acid substituted by a phenyl(propan-2-yl)amino group at position 2. It is a metabolite of the herbicide propachlor. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is an anilide and a monocarboxylic acid. 
33477
Pivampicillin Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of a semisynthetic, orally active pivalate ester of ampicillin with antibacterial activity. Upon absorption, pivampicillin is hydrolyzed into its active form ampicillin by esterases. Ampicillin binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall, eventually causing cell lysis. 
57339177
3'-ketolactose is a keto-disaccharide that is beta-D-galactosyl-(1->4)-beta-D-glucose in which the hydroxy group at position 3 of the galactosyl moiety has been oxidised to the corresponding ketone. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 
26103
8-Chloroxanthine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as xanthines. These are purine derivatives with a ketone group conjugated at carbons 2 and 6 of the purine moiety. 8-Chloroxanthine is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 8-chloroxanthine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
347991
2-naphthyl butyrate is a butyrate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of butyric acid with the hydroxy group of 2-naphthol. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a member of naphthalenes, a butyrate ester and an aromatic ester. It derives from a 2-naphthol. 
120181
An anti-nematodal agent effective against the intestinal nematodes ASCARIS LUMBRICOIDES (roundworm) and ENTEROBIUS VERMICULARIS (pinworm, threadworm). It produces a neuromuscular block leading to flaccid muscle paralysis in susceptible worms, which are then dislodged from the gut and expelled in feces. 
11504295
Olodaterol is a member of the class of benzoxazine that is 6-hydroxy-1,4-benzoxazin-3-one in which the hydrogen at position 4 is replaced by a (1R)-1-hydroxy-2-{[1-(4-methoxyphenyl)-2-methylpropan-2-yl]amino}ethyl group. Used (as its hydrochloride salt) for long-term treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease including chronic bronchitis and/or emphysema. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic agonist and a bronchodilator agent. It is a benzoxazine, a member of phenols, an aromatic ether, a secondary alcohol and a secondary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of an olodaterol(1+). 
34526
Pirimiphos methyl is a yellow liquid. Corrosive to tin and mild steel. Used as an insecticide. Pirimiphos-methyl is an organic thiophosphate that is O,O-dimethyl O-pyrimidin-4-yl phosphorothioate substituted by a methyl group at position 6 and a diethylamino group at position 2. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide, an agrochemical, an insecticide and an environmental contaminant. It is an organic thiophosphate and an aminopyrimidine. It derives from a 2-diethylamino-6-methylpyrimidin-4(1H)-one. 
11016431
Migrastatin is a 14-membered macrolide which is isolated from Streptomyces sp.MK929-43F1 and inhibits cell migration of human esophageal cancer EC17 cells and mouse melanona B16 cells. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is an ether, a secondary alcohol, a member of piperidones and a macrolide antibiotic. 
122262
Piperaquine is an aminoquinoline that is 1,3-di(piperazin-1-yl)propane in which the nitrogen at position 4 of each of the piperazine moieties is replaced by a 7-chloroquinolin-4-yl group. It has a role as an antimalarial. It is a N-arylpiperazine, an organochlorine compound and an aminoquinoline. 
447989
(5S)-5-(carboxymethyl)-L-proline is a L-proline derivative that is L-proline substituted at position 5 by a carboxymethyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a dicarboxylic acid and a L-proline derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a (5S)-5-(carboxymethyl)-L-proline(1-). 
8606
Captan is a white solid dissolved in a liquid carrier. It is a water emulsifiable liquid. It can cause illness by inhalation, skin absorption and/or ingestion. The primary hazard of this material is that it poses a threat to the environment. In case of release immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Since it is a liquid it can easily penetrate the soil to contaminate groundwater. It is used as a fungicide. Captan is a dicarboximide that is 3a,4,7,7a-tetrahydrophthalimide in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a trichloromethyl group. A non-systemic fungicide introduced in the 1950s, it is widely used for the control of fungal diseases in fruits, vegetables, and ornamental crops. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of isoindoles, an organochlorine compound, an organosulfur compound and a phthalimide fungicide. 
5497163
Triolein is a triglyceride formed by esterification of the three hydroxy groups of glycerol with oleic acid. Triolein is one of the two components of Lorenzo's oil. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It derives from an oleic acid. 
20593234
Benthiavalicarb is a carboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-valine with (1R)-1-(6-fluoro-1,3-benzothiazol-2-yl)ethylamine and replacement of one of the hydrogens attached to the alpha-amino group by a carboxy group. It is the active form of the fungicide benthiavalicarb isopropyl (in which the carbamic acid group has been converted to the corresponding isopropyl ester). It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is an organofluorine compound, a member of benzothiazoles, a carboxamide, a valine derivative, a valinamide fungicide and a benzothiazole fungicide. 
688484
(R)-methocarbamol is a 2-hydroxy-3-(2-methoxyphenoxy)propyl carbamate that has R configuration. Both (R)- and (S)-methocarbamol have muscle relaxant properties, with the (R)-enantiomer being more active than the (S)-enantiomer. It has a role as a muscle relaxant. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-methocarbamol. 
22184
Hexadecyltrichlorosilane is a colorless to yellow liquid with a pungent odor. Material will burn though it may require some effort to ignite. It is decomposed by moisture or water to hydrochloric acid with evolution of heat. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. 
9265
Cycloheptane appears as a colorless oily liquid. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Flash point 60°F. Vapors heavier than air. Inhalation of high concentrations may have a narcotic effect. Used to make other chemicals. 
669
2-hydroxy-3-oxobutyl phosphate is an oxoalkyl phosphate, a hydroxyalkyl phosphate and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. 
451476
Acid fuchsin is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of 2-amino-5-[(4-amino-3-sulfophenyl)(4-imino-3-sulfocyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-ylidene)methyl]-3-methylbenzene-1-sulfonic acid. It is used in the Van Gieson method in conjunction with picric acid to demonstrate collagen fibres red, and in Masson's trichrome to colour smooth muscle in contrast to collagen. It has a role as a histological dye. It contains an acid fuchsin(2-). 
442160
Alangimarine is a member of the class of isoquinolinonaphthyridines that is 5,6-dihydroisoquinolino[2,1-b][2,7]naphthyridin-8-one bearing additional hydroxy, methoxy and vinyl substituents at positions 2, 3 and 12 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an isoquinolinonaphthyridine, a benzopyridoquinolizidine derivative, an aromatic ether, a member of phenols, an olefinic compound and an isoquinoline alkaloid. 
534607
12-Methyl-13-tridecanolide, also known as palmitic acid, iso octyl ester or 6-methylheptyl palmitate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as macrolides and analogues. These are organic compounds containing a lactone ring of at least twelve members. 12-Methyl-13-tridecanolide is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 12-methyl-13-tridecanolide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 12-methyl-13-tridecanolide can be found in fats and oils, green vegetables, and herbs and spices. This makes 12-methyl-13-tridecanolide a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
77223
1, 1-Diethoxypentane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acetals. Acetals are compounds having the structure R2C(OR')2 ( R' not Hydrogen) and thus diethers of geminal diols. Originally, the term was confined to derivatives of aldehydes (one R = H), but it now applies equally to derivatives of ketones (neither R = H ). Mixed acetals have different R' groups. 1, 1-Diethoxypentane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1, 1-diethoxypentane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 1, 1-diethoxypentane can be found in fruits. This makes 1, 1-diethoxypentane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
313109
Hispidol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aurone flavonoids. These are flavonoids containing a 2-Benzylidene-1-benzofuran-3-one based core. Aurone flavonoids provide the bright yellow color of some important ornamental flowers, such as snapdragon (Antirrhinum majus). Thus, hispidol is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. Hispidol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
9633
Pentafluoroethane appears as a nonflammable gas. Heavier than air. May asphyxiate by the displacement of air in confined spaces. Exposure of the container to prolonged heat or fire can cause it to rupture violently and rocket. 
33645
Ethane-1, 1-dithiol, also known as 1, 1-ethanedithiol or bisedt, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. Ethane-1, 1-dithiol is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, ethane-1, 1-dithiol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Ethane-1, 1-dithiol has a meaty and roasted taste. 
27440
2-Ethyl-4-methylthiazole, also known as fema 3680, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4-disubstituted thiazoles. 2, 4-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at the positions 2 and 3. 2-Ethyl-4-methylthiazole is slightly soluble (in water) and a strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-ethyl-4-methylthiazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Ethyl-4-methylthiazole is a green, nutty, and pistachio tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products and green vegetables. This makes 2-ethyl-4-methylthiazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
80220
1-methyl-7H-xanthine is a 1-methylxanthine tautomer where the imidazole proton is located at the 7-position. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a 7H-xanthine. 
72394
Lividomycin A is a member of the class of lividomycins that is lividomycin B in which position 4 of the diamino-L-idopyranosyl moiety has been converted into its alpha-D-mannopyranoside. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a paromomycin and a lividomycin B. 
440713
17beta-estradiol 3-glucosiduronic acid is a steroid glucosiduronic acid that consists of 17beta-estradiol having a beta-glucuronyl residue attached at position 3 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid and a steroid glucosiduronic acid. It derives from a 17beta-estradiol. It is a conjugate acid of a 17beta-estradiol 3-O-(beta-D-glucuronide)(1-). 
11194
Diallyl ether appears as a liquid with an odor of radishes. Less dense than water. May be toxic by ingestion, skin absorption, and inhalation, and may irritate skin and eyes. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals. 
5363269
Ethyl oleate is a long-chain fatty acid ethyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of oleic acid with the hydroxy group of ethanol. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an acaricide. It derives from an oleic acid. 
6432530
Anavar is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
82044
An anti-nematodal agent effective against the intestinal nematodes ASCARIS LUMBRICOIDES (roundworm) and ENTEROBIUS VERMICULARIS (pinworm, threadworm). It produces a neuromuscular block leading to flaccid muscle paralysis in susceptible worms, which are then dislodged from the gut and expelled in feces. 
51082
Mitoxantrone dihydrochloride is a hydrochloride. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It contains a mitoxantrone. Mitoxantrone Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of an anthracenedione antibiotic with antineoplastic activity. Mitoxantrone intercalates into and crosslinks DNA, thereby disrupting DNA and RNA replication. This agent also binds to topoisomerase II, resulting in DNA strand breaks and inhibition of DNA repair. Mitoxantrone is less cardiotoxic compared to doxorubicin. 
14286
2-Acetylpyridine, also known as fema 3251, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. 2-Acetylpyridine is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-acetylpyridine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Acetylpyridine is a chip, corn, and fatty tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as cereals and cereal products, nuts, kohlrabi, and cocoa and cocoa products. This makes 2-acetylpyridine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
24848
Strontium nitrate appears as a white crystalline solid. Noncombustible but accelerates burning of combustible materials. May explode if large quantities are involved in a fire or the combustible material is finely divided. May explode under prolonged exposure to heat or fire. Toxic oxides of nitrogen are produced in fires. Used in pyrotechnics, in medicine, and to make other chemicals. 
11279
6-methylsalicylic acid is a monohydroxybenzoic acid that is salicylic acid in which the hydrogen ortho to the carboxylic acid group is substituted by a methyl group. It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite and a plant metabolite. It derives from a salicylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 6-methylsalicylate. 
151068
Caspofungin is an antimycotic echinocandin lipopeptide, semisynthetically derived from a fermentation product of the fungus Glarea lozoyensis. Caspofungin inhibits 1,3-beta-glucan synthase, resulting in decreased synthesis of beta(1,3)-D-glucan (an essential component of the fungal cell wall), weakening of the fungal cell wall, and fungal cell wall rupture. This agent is active against Aspergillus and Candida species. 
98451
3-Methylbutyrolactone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma butyrolactones. Gamma butyrolactones are compounds containing a gamma butyrolactone moiety, which consists of an aliphatic five-member ring with four carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, and bears a ketone group on the carbon adjacent to the oxygen atom. 3-Methylbutyrolactone is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, 3-methylbutyrolactone can be found in pulses. This makes 3-methylbutyrolactone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
37993
N-butyl-N-(3-carboxypropyl)nitrosamine is a nitrosamine that has butyl and 4-carboxybutyl substituents. It is the principal metabolite of the bladder carcinogen N-butyl-N-(4-hydroxybutyl)nitrosamine (BHBN-4). It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. It is a nitrosamine and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a N-butyl-N-(4-hydroxybutyl)nitrosamine. 
197627
Alpha-Hydroxysalmeterol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyl alcohols. These are organic compounds containing the phenylmethanol substructure. Alpha-Hydroxysalmeterol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Alpha-Hydroxysalmeterol has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, Alpha-hydroxysalmeterol is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
31405
2,6-di-tert-butylphenol appears as odorless colorless to light yellow solid or liquid. Floats on water. Freezing point is 97°F. (USCG, 1999) 2,6-di-tert-butylphenol is a member of the class of phenols carrying two tert-butyl substituents at positions 2 and 6. It has a role as an antioxidant. It is a member of phenols and an alkylbenzene. 
165531
5beta-scymnol is a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 12alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 24-hydroxy steroid, a 26-hydroxy steroid and a 27-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of a 5beta-cholestane. 
621134
Alpha-Fernenol, also known as iaoarborinol or α-fernenol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Alpha-Fernenol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, Alpha-fernenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, Alpha-fernenol can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes Alpha-fernenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
439430
(3S,5S)-3,5-diaminohexanoic acid is a chiral diamino acid consisting of hexanoic acid having amino substituents at the 3- and 5-positions and (S,S)-configuration. It is a beta-amino acid and a diamino acid. It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a conjugate base of a (3S,5S)-3,5-diammoniohexanoate. It is a conjugate acid of a (3S,5S)-3,5-diaminohexanoate. 
92153
Acetoacetyl-CoA is a 3-oxoacyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of acetoacetic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a butyryl-CoA and an acetoacetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an acetoacetyl-CoA(4-). 
467787
12-methyl-5-dehydroacetylhorminone is an abietane diterpenoid that is the acetate ester of 12-methyl-5-dehydrohorminone. Isolated from the roots of Salvia multicaulis, it exhibits antitubercular activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antitubercular agent. It is an abietane diterpenoid, an enol ether, an acetate ester and a member of p-quinones. It derives from a 12-methyl-5-dehydrohorminone. 
17407
Victoria blue B is an iminium salt composed of 4-{(4-anilinonaphthalen-1-yl)[4-(dimethylamino)phenyl]methylidene}-N,N-dimethylcyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-iminium and chloride ions in a 1:1 ratio. It binds to nucleic acids and can be used in standardised staining techniques suitable for automated cell-pattern recognition. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. It is an iminium salt and an organic chloride salt. It contains a victoria blue B(1+). 
85548
5-Keto stearic acid, also known as 5-keto stearate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 13 and 21 carbon atoms. 5-Keto stearic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 5-Keto stearic acid has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 5-keto stearic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. Outside of the human body, 5-keto stearic acid can be found in milk and milk products. This makes 5-keto stearic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
619337
Vulgarin, also known as tauremisin or barrelin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as eudesmanolides, secoeudesmanolides, and derivatives. These are terpenoids with a structure based on the eudesmanolide (a 3, 5a, 9-trimethyl-naphtho[1, 2-b]furan-2-one derivative) or secoeudesmanolide (a 3, 6-dimethyl-5-(pentan-2-yl)-1-benzofuran-2-one derivative) skeleton. Vulgarin exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, vulgarin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, vulgarin can be found in mugwort. This makes vulgarin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
6526396
Cefpodoxime proxetil is the 1-[(isopropoxycarbonyl)oxy]ethyl (proxetil) ester prodrug of cefpodoxime. After swallowing, hydrolysis of the ester group occurs in the intestinal epithelium, to release active cefpodoxime in the bloodstream. It is used to treat acute otitis media, pharyngitis, and sinusitis. It has a role as a prodrug and an antibacterial drug. It is a carboxylic ester, a cephalosporin and a carboxylic acid. It derives from a cefpodoxime and a 4-{((R)-2-Carboxy-3-methoxymethyl-8-oxo-5-thia-1-aza-bicyclo[4.2.0]oct-2-en-7-ylcarbamoyl)-[(Z)-methoxyimino]-methyl}-thiazol-2-yl-ammonium. Cefpodoxime Proxetil is a third generation semi-synthetic cephalosporin and a beta-lactam antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cefpodoxime's effect is dependent on its binding to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located in the bacterial cytoplasmic membrane. Binding results in the inhibition of the transpeptidase enzymes, thereby preventing cross-linking of the pentaglycine bridge with the fourth residue of the pentapeptide and interrupting consequent synthesis of peptidoglycan chains. As a result, cefpodoxime inhibits bacterial septum and cell wall synthesis formation. 
5280383
Leukotriene A4 is a leukotriene that is the (5S,6S)-epoxy derivative of (7E,9E,11Z,14Z)-icosa-7,9,11,14-tetraenoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a leukotriene, an oxylipin, an epoxy fatty acid, a polyunsaturated fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. It derives from an icosa-7,9,11,14-tetraenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a leukotriene A4(1-). 
5460314
Cholate is a bile acid anion that is the conjugate base of cholic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a bile acid anion and a cholanic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a cholic acid. 
123209
3,5-dimethyluracil is a pyrimidone that is uracil with methyl group substituents at positions 3 and 5. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a pyrimidone and a methylthymine. It derives from a uracil. 
5339
Salicylazosulfapyridine appears as odorless yellow or brownish-yellow to orange powder. Tasteless. (NTP, 1992)  It is a sulfa drug used as an antibiotic. Sulfasalazine is an azobenzene consisting of diphenyldiazene having a carboxy substituent at the 4-position, a hydroxy substituent at the 3-position and a 2-pyridylaminosulphonyl substituent at the 4'-position. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an antiinfective agent, a gastrointestinal drug, an EC 2.5.1.18 (glutathione transferase) inhibitor and a drug allergen. It is a sulfonamide, a member of pyridines and a member of azobenzenes. It derives from a sulfanilamide. Sulfasalazine is a synthetic salicylic acid derivative with affinity for connective tissues containing elastin and formulated as a prodrug, antiinflammatory Sulfasalazine acts locally in the intestine through its active metabolites, sulfamide 5-aminosalicylic acid and salicylic acid, by a mechanism that is not clear. It appears inhibit cyclooxygenase and prostaglandin production and is used in the management of inflammatory bowel diseases. (NCI04) 
21876
N(6)-hydroxyadenine is a member of the class of 6-aminopurinnes that is adenine in which one of the exocyclic amino hydrogens is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a mutagen and a teratogenic agent. It is a member of 6-aminopurines, a nucleobase analogue and a member of hydroxylamines. It derives from an adenine. 
31266
2-Propenyl hexanoate, also known as allyl caproate or allocopen, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. 2-Propenyl hexanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 2-Propenyl hexanoate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-propenyl hexanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 2-Propenyl hexanoate is a sweet, arrack, and cognac tasting compound that can be found in fruits, mushrooms, and potato. This makes 2-propenyl hexanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
197034
Streptothricin is an N-glycosyl compound consisting of 2-amino-4-O-carbamoyl-2-deoxy-N-[(3aS,7R,7aS)-7-hydroxy-4-oxooctahydro-2H-imidazo[4,5-c]pyridin-2-ylidene]-beta-D-gulopyranosylamine in which the amino group at position 2 of the gulopyranosyl moiety is acylated by a peptide unit made up of between 1 and 7 N(epsilon)-linked units of beta-lysine. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a N-glycosyl compound, a carbamate ester, a member of guanidines, a lactam and a carboxamide. 
26793
Anhydrous zirconium sulfate is a colorless microcrystalline solid. Zirconium sulfate is also obtained as a white crystalline tetrahydrate, ZrSO4.4H2O. Both forms are soluble in water and noncombustible. It is corrosive to aluminum. It is used in chemical analysis, as an additive for lubricants, and for many other uses. 
120608
Prelu-2 is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. Phendimetrazine Tartrate is a phenylalkylamine sympathomimetic amine with appetite depressant property. Phendimetrazine tartrate is a prodrug that is hydrolyzed to the active metabolite phenmetrazine, which competes with norepinephrine and dopamine for their presynaptic transporters, thereby blocks the reuptake of these monoamines at the neuronal junctions. As a result, this prolongs activities of dopamine and norepinephrine and leads to central nervous system (CNS) stimulation and metabolic effects, including appetite-suppression, decreased gastric acid secretion and increased blood pressure. 
5284632
Trospium is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of hydroxy(diphenyl)acetic acid with the hydroxy group of (1S,3R,5R)-3-hydroxy-8lambda(5)-azaspiro[bicyclo[3.2.1]octane-8,1'-pyrrolidin]-8-ylium. Its chloride salt is used to treat overactive bladder. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and an antispasmodic drug. It is a carboxylic ester, an azabicycloalkane, a tertiary alcohol and a quaternary ammonium ion. 
53477610
Globosterol is a 3beta-sterol that is 5alpha-androstane which contains a double bond between positions 7 and 8, in which the hydrogens at the 3beta, 5alpha and 6beta positions are substituted by hydroxy groups, and in which the hydrogen at the 17beta position is substituted by a (2S,3E,6xi)-6,7-dimethyloct-3-en-2-yl group. The polyhydroxylated C29 sterol was isolated from an endophytic fungus, Chaetomium globosum ZY-22; the stereochemistry at position 25 was not determined. It has a role as a Chaetomium metabolite. It is a 5alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 6beta-hydroxy steroid and a 3beta-sterol. 
62911
2-Methyl-4-phenylbutyraldehyde, also known as alpha-methyl-benzenebutanal or 4-phenyl-2-methylbutanal, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. 2-Methyl-4-phenylbutyraldehyde is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-methyl-4-phenylbutyraldehyde is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
8035
2,5-hexanedione is a clear colorless to amber liquid with a sweet aromatic odor. (NTP, 1992) 2,5-hexanedione is a diketone that is hexane substituted by oxo groups at positions 2 and 5. It is a toxic metabolite of hexane and of 2-hexanone It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a neurotoxin. It is a diketone and a methyl ketone. It derives from a hydride of a hexane. 
122941
2-Ethoxy-3-methylpyrazine, also known as 2-methyl-3-ethoxypyrazine or pyrazine, 3-ethoxy-2-methyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl aryl ethers. These are organic compounds containing the alkyl aryl ether functional group with the generic formula R-O-R' , where R is an alkyl group and R' is an aryl group. 2-Ethoxy-3-methylpyrazine is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-ethoxy-3-methylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Ethoxy-3-methylpyrazine has an earthy, hazelnut, and pineapple taste. 
440654
Lactose 6'-phosphate is a lactose phosphate in which a single monophosphate substituent is placed at position 6 on the galactose ring of lactose. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a lactose. It is a conjugate acid of a lactose 6-phosphate(2-). 
162243
25-azacoprostane is an aza-steroid that is 5beta-cholestane in which the carbon at position 25 is replaced by a nitrogen. It inhibits sitosterol-to-cholesterol conversion in Caenorhabditis elegans. It has a role as an EC 1.3.1.72 (Delta(24)-sterol reductase) inhibitor. It is an aza-steroid and a tertiary amine. 
47965
Cefadroxil is a cephalosporin bearing methyl and (2R)-2-amino-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)acetamido groups at positions 3 and 7, respectively, of the cephem skeleton. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a conjugate acid of a cefadroxil(1-). Cefadroxil Anhydrous is the anhydrous form of cefadroxil, a semisynthetic first-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Cefadroxil binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
61955
Furfuryl pentanoate, also known as fema 3397 or furfuryl valerate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Furfuryl pentanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Furfuryl pentanoate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, furfuryl pentanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Furfuryl pentanoate has a sweet, apple, and cheesy taste. 
11463
Terpinolene appears as a water-white to light amber colored liquid. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Used to make plastics and resins. Terpinolene is a p-menthadiene with double bonds at positions 1 and 4(8). It has a role as a sedative, an insect repellent, a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. 
86025
Ethyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)oxirane-2-carboxylate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anisoles. These are organic compounds containing a methoxybenzene or a derivative thereof. Ethyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)oxirane-2-carboxylate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
61861
Magnesium fluorosilicate is a crystalline solid. Decomposes at 120°C. Contact may cause slight irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be slightly toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
5284592
Nabilone is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. Nabilone is a synthetic cannabinoid and dibenzopyrane derivative with anti-emetic activity. Although the mechanism of action has not been fully elucidated yet, it has been suggested that nabilone is a highly selective and strong agonist for the cannabinoid receptors CB1 and CB2, both of which are coupled to Gi/o proteins. The CB1 receptors are expressed predominantly in central and peripheral neurons and receptor stimulation has been implicated in the reduction of chemotherapy-induced nausea. 
32176
(6-methoxy-2-naphthyl)acetic acid is a monocarboxylic acid consisting of 2-naphthylacetic acid having a methoxy substituent at the 6-position. The active metabolite of the prodrug nabumetone. It has a role as an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor, a drug metabolite and a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a methoxynaphthalene. It derives from a 2-naphthylacetic acid. 
28782
L-Arginine, also known as L-arg, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as l-alpha-amino acids. These are alpha amino acids which have the L-configuration of the alpha-carbon atom. L-Arginine is a drug which is used for nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance. L-Arginine exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). L-Arginine has been found throughout most human tissues, and has also been detected in most biofluids, including feces, cerebrospinal fluid, urine, and saliva. Within the cell, L-arginine is primarily located in the cytoplasm, mitochondria and myelin sheath. L-Arginine exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. L-Arginine participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Glycine and L-arginine can be converted into guanidoacetic acid and orotidylic acid through its interaction with the enzyme glycine amidinotransferase, mitochondrial. Furthermore, Fumaric acid and L-arginine can be biosynthesized from argininosuccinic acid; which is mediated by the enzyme argininosuccinate lyase. Furthermore, L-Arginine can be converted into ornithine and urea through its interaction with the enzyme arginase-1. Finally, Fumaric acid and L-arginine can be biosynthesized from argininosuccinic acid; which is catalyzed by the enzyme argininosuccinate lyase. In humans, L-arginine is involved in the aspartate metabolism pathway, the arginine and proline metabolism pathway, the transcription/translation pathway, and the glycine and serine metabolism pathway. L-Arginine is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include the hypoacetylaspartia pathway, dimethylglycine dehydrogenase deficiency, the hyperglycinemia, non-ketotic pathway, and the prolinemia type II pathway. Outside of the human body, L-arginine can be found in a number of food items such as avocado, black-eyed pea, squashberry, and chinese water chestnut. This makes L-arginine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. L-Arginine is a potentially toxic compound. L-Arginine has been found to be associated with several diseases known as heart failure, myopathy, lactic acidosis, and sideroblastic anemia 1, and hyperlysinuria; l-arginine has also been linked to several inborn metabolic disorders including propionic acidemia and cystinuria. 
7773
Lauroyl peroxide appears as a white solid with a faint soapy odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Melting point 49°C. Toxic by ingestion and inhalation. Strong skin irritant. Used as bleaching agent, drying agent for fats, oils and waxes, and as a polymerization catalyst. 
688379
L-asparagine 2-naphthylamide is an L-asparagine derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-asparagine with the amino group of 2-naphthylamine. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is an amino acid amide, a N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamide and a L-asparagine derivative. 
1615
3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine is a member of the class of benzodioxoles that is 1,3-benzodioxole substituted by a 2-(methylamino)propyl group at position 5. It has a role as a neurotoxin. It is a member of amphetamines and a member of benzodioxoles. 3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine is a ring-substituted amphetamine derivative, structurally related to the hallucinogen mescaline, with entactogenic, neurotoxic, and motor-stimulatory activities. 3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA) produces an acute, rapid enhancement in both the release of serotonin from and the inhibition of serotonin reuptake by serotonergic nerve endings in the brain. Once within the cell, MDMA depletes stores of tryptophan hydroxylase (TPH) via acute oxidative inactivation; in turn, depleted stores of TPH leave cell terminals open to damage from oxidative stress, possibly a source of MDMA neurotoxicity. This agent also induces norepinephrine, dopamine, and acetylcholine release and can act directly on a number of receptors, including alpha 2-adrenergic and 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) 2A receptors. MDMA may suppress the dyskinesia associated with long-term use of L-dopamine (L-DOPA) without affecting the efficacy of L-DOPA treatment. 
537769
2, 3, 4-Trimethyldecane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. 2, 3, 4-Trimethyldecane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 3, 4-trimethyldecane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 3, 4-trimethyldecane can be found in tea. This makes 2, 3, 4-trimethyldecane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
9826528
PD 0325901 is a hydroxamic acid ester that is benzhydroxamic acid (N-hydroxybenzamide) in which the hydroxamic acid group has been converted to the corresponding 2,3-dihydroxypropyl ester and in which the benzene ring has been substituted at position 2 by a (2-fluoro-4-iodophenyl)amino group and at positions 3 and 4 by fluorines (the R enantiomer). It has a role as an EC 2.7.12.2 (mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a hydroxamic acid ester, a secondary amino compound, a member of monofluorobenzenes, an organoiodine compound, a member of propane-1,2-diols and a difluorobenzene. MEK Inhibitor PD0325901 is an orally bioavailable, synthetic organic molecule targeting mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase (MAPK/ERK kinase or MEK) with potential antineoplastic activity. MEK inhibitor PD325901, a derivative of MEK inhibitor CI-1040, selectively binds to and inhibits MEK, which may result in the inhibition of the phosphorylation and activation of MAPK/ERK and the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation. The dual specific threonine/tyrosine kinase MEK is a key component of the RAS/RAF/MEK/ERK signaling pathway that is frequently activated in human tumors. 
5280498
Glutaconic acid is a pentenedioic acid that is pent-2-ene substituted by carboxy groups at positions 1 and 5. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a glutaconate(1-). 
595928
4-Methyl-2-phenyl-1, 3-dioxolane, also known as benzaldehyde propylene glycol acetal or fema 2130, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. 4-Methyl-2-phenyl-1, 3-dioxolane is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-methyl-2-phenyl-1, 3-dioxolane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 4-Methyl-2-phenyl-1, 3-dioxolane is a sweet, bitter, and naphthalic tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes 4-methyl-2-phenyl-1, 3-dioxolane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
10245190
O-decanoylcarnitine is an O-acylcarnitine compound having decanoyl as the acyl substituent. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is an O-acylcarnitine and a decanoate ester. 
182259
(-)-vestitol is a methoxyisoflavan that is (R)-isoflavan substituted by a methoxy group at position 4' and hydroxy groups at positions 7 and 2' respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of hydroxyisoflavans and a methoxyisoflavan. It derives from a hydride of a (R)-isoflavan. 
182886
2,2',3-trihydroxydiphenyl ether is diphenyl ether in which the hydrogens at the 2, 3, and 2' positions are substituted by hydroxy groups. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is an aromatic ether, a member of catechols and a member of phenols. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,2',3-trihydroxydiphenyl ether(2-). 
103993
3', 5'-Dihydroxyacetophenone, also known as 5-acetylresorcinol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. 3', 5'-Dihydroxyacetophenone exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3', 5'-dihydroxyacetophenone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
11804
3-Methyluric acid, also known as 3-methylate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as xanthines. These are purine derivatives with a ketone group conjugated at carbons 2 and 6 of the purine moiety. 3-Methyluric acid exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 3-Methyluric acid has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 3-methyluric acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
8016
Methylethanolamine appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point 165°F. Less dense than water and soluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used to make other chemicals. 
123929
Pristanic acid is a branched, long-chain saturated fatty acid composed of pentadecanoic acid having methyl substituents at the 2-, 6-, 10- and 14-positions. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid, a long-chain fatty acid and a methyl-branched fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a pristanate. 
135567473
1-O-(4-O-propyl-alpha-D-galactosyl)-N-hexacosanoylphytosphingosine is a glycophytoceramide having a 4-O-propyl-alpha-D-galactosyl residue at the O-1 position and a hexacosanoyl group attached to the nitrogen. One of a series of an extensive set of 4\ 
61442
Stannic chloride pentahydrate is a white colored solid. It is soluble in water. It is toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. It is used to make perfumes and dyes. 
65094
25-hydroxycholesterol is an oxysterol and a 25-hydroxy steroid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a cholesterol. 
4255608
N-(indole-3-acetyl)phenylalanine is an indoleacetic acid amide conjugate obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of indole-3-acetic acid with the amino group of phenylalanine. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an indoleacetic acid amide conjugate and a phenylalanine derivative. It derives from an indole-3-acetic acid. 
342532
Isoleucyl-glycine, also known as i-g dipeptide or ile-gly, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Isoleucyl-glycine is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Isoleucyl-glycine has been primarily detected in feces. 
5209
Mukoenine a, also known as girinimbilol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carbazoles. Carbazoles are compounds containing a three ring system containing a pyrrole ring fused on either side to a benzene ring. Mukoenine a exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, mukoenine a is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, mukoenine a can be found in herbs and spices. This makes mukoenine a a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
65182
Nile red is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is 5H-benzo[a]phenoxazin-5-one substituted at position 9 by a diethylamino group. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a cyclic ketone, an aromatic amine and a tertiary amino compound. 
46931152
Tetraoleyl cardiolipin is a cardiolipin derivative in which all four of the phosphatidyl acyl groups are specified as oleoyl. It has a role as an antigen. It is a conjugate acid of a tetraoleoyl cardiolipin(2-). 
441047
5-(5-(2,6-dichloro-4-(4,5-dihydro-2-oxazolyl)phenoxy)pentyl)-3-(hydroxyethyl oxymethyleneoxymethyl) isoxazole is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenol ethers. These are aromatic compounds containing an ether group substituted with a benzene ring. 5-(5-(2,6-dichloro-4-(4,5-dihydro-2-oxazolyl)phenoxy)pentyl)-3-(hydroxyethyl oxymethyleneoxymethyl) isoxazole targets the protein genome polyprotein. 
18698
6-Butyltetrahydro-2H-pyran-2-one, also known as 5-hydroxynonanoic acid delta-lactone or 2H-pyran-2-one, tetrahydro-6-butyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as delta valerolactones. These are cyclic organic compounds containing an oxan-2- one moiety. 6-Butyltetrahydro-2H-pyran-2-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 6-butyltetrahydro-2H-pyran-2-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 6-Butyltetrahydro-2H-pyran-2-one has a sweet, coconut, and coumarin taste. 
24978
Calcium chlorate appears as a white crystalline solid. It forms a very flammable mixture with combustible materials and this mixture may be explosive if the combustible material is finely divided. The mixture can be ignited by friction. Contact with strong sulfuric acid can cause fires or explosions. When mixed with ammonium salts, spontaneous decomposition and ignition may result. Prolonged exposure of the material to fire or heat can result in an explosion. It is used in photography, in pyrotechnics, and as a herbicide. 
3000715
Thiopental is a barbiturate, the structure of which is that of 2-thiobarbituric acid substituted at C-5 by ethyl and sec-pentyl groups. It has a role as an anticonvulsant, a sedative, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a drug allergen and an intravenous anaesthetic. It derives from a 2-thiobarbituric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a thiopental(1-). Thiopental Sodium is the sodium salt form of thiopental, an ultrashort-acting barbituric acid derivative, with anesthetic activity. Thiopental binds to the chloride ionophore site of the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)-A/chloride ionophore receptor complex, thereby enhancing the inhibitory actions of GABA-A in the brain. This leads to synaptic inhibition, decreased neuronal excitability and induction of anesthesia. In addition, this agent decreases glutamate (Glu) responses. 
88116579
Ceftiofur Sodium is the sodium salt form of ceftiofur, a semisynthetic, beta-lactamase-stable, broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Ceftiofur binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
79248
1-(2-Thienyl)-1-butanone, also known as 1-(thiophen-2-yl)butan-1-one or 2-butyrothienone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. 1-(2-Thienyl)-1-butanone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1-(2-thienyl)-1-butanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 1-(2-Thienyl)-1-butanone has a beef, grilled, and roast taste. 
525788
5-Ethyl-4-methyl-2-pentyloxazole, also known as sporeamicin a or SRM-a, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. 5-Ethyl-4-methyl-2-pentyloxazole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 5-ethyl-4-methyl-2-pentyloxazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 5-ethyl-4-methyl-2-pentyloxazole can be found in potato. This makes 5-ethyl-4-methyl-2-pentyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
49791951
N-acetyl-L-gamma-glutamyl phosphate(3-) is trianion of N-acetyl-L-gamma-glutamyl phosphate arising from deprotonation of carboxy and phosphate groups; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a N-acyl-L-alpha-amino acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a N-acetyl-L-gamma-glutamyl phosphate. 
585939
Demethylvestitol, also known as arduan or pipecurium bromide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isoflavanols. These are polycyclic compounds containing a hydroxylated isoflavan skeleton. Thus, demethylvestitol is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. Demethylvestitol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, demethylvestitol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, demethylvestitol can be found in a number of food items such as yellow wax bean, scarlet bean, pulses, and common bean. This makes demethylvestitol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
122334
(1S,2R)-5-methoxy-1-methyl-2-(propylamino)tetralin is a secondary amino compound that consists of tetralin bearing methyl, propylamino and methoxy groups at positions 1, 2 and 5 respectively. Dopamine receptor antagonist with preferential action at presynaptic receptors (pKi values are 6.95, 6.67, 6.37, 6.21 and 6.07 at hD3. hD4, hD2S, hD2L and rD2 receptors respectively). It has a role as a dopaminergic antagonist. It is a member of tetralins and a secondary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a (1S,2R)-5-methoxy-1-methyl-2-(propylammonio)tetralin(1+). It derives from a hydride of a tetralin. 
5461001
(15Z)-tetracosenoate is a tetracosenoate that is the conjugate base of nervonic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxylic acid group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a (15Z)-tetracosenoic acid. 
430245
Normorphine is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
5756
Estriol is a 3-hydroxy steroid that is estra-1,3,5(10)-trien-3-ol substituted by additional hydroxy groups at positions 16 and 17 (16alpha,17beta-stereoisomer). It has a role as an estrogen, a human metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 3-hydroxy steroid, a 16alpha-hydroxy steroid and a 17beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. 
18502
Cyclohexyl isocyanate appears as a yellowish liquid with an irritating odor. Insoluble in water. Flash point 127°F. Very toxic by inhalation, skin absorption and ingestion. Used to make pharmaceuticals and agricultural chemicals. Cyclohexyl isocyanate is an isocyanate comprising a cyclohexane core with a single isocyanato substituent. It has a role as an allergen. 
440024
4-methyl-3-oxopentanoic acid is a branched-chain fatty acid that is 4-methylpentanoic acid carrying an oxo substituent at C-3. It is a branched-chain fatty acid and a 3-oxo fatty acid. It derives from a valeric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-methyl-3-oxopentanoate. 
301593
Methyl N-acetylvalinate is a valine derivative with one of the amine hydrogens replaced by an acetyl group and the carboxylic acid hydrogen replaced by a methyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. 
9868
1.1.1-Trifluoroethane is a colorless, highly flammable gas. It is heavier than air and vapors may travel from a leaking container to a source of ignition causing a flame to flashback to the container. Contact with the unconfined liquid can cause frostbite. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. 
73641
Arjunolic acid is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is olean-12-en-28-oic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2, 3 and 23 (the 2alpha,3beta stereoisomer). Isolated from Symplocos lancifolia and Juglans sinensis, it exhibits antioxidant and antimicrobial activities. It has a role as a metabolite, an antibacterial agent, an antifungal agent and an antioxidant. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 
92329211
Cefixime is a broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic derived semisynthetically from the marine fungus Cephalosporium acremonium with antibacterial activity. As does penicillin, the beta-lactam antibiotic cefixime inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis by disrupting peptidoglycan synthesis, resulting in a reduction in bacterial cell wall stability and bacterial cell lysis. Stable in the presence of a variety of beta-lactamases, this agent is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria compared to second-generation cephalosporins. 
543595
trans-2-Hexyl-1-cyclopropaneacetic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acids. Carboxylic acids are compounds containing a carboxylic acid group with the formula -C(=O)OH. trans-2-Hexyl-1-cyclopropaneacetic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, trans-2-hexyl-1-cyclopropaneacetic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
5164
SB220025 is am member of the class of imidazoles carrying piperidin-4-yl, 4-fluophenyl and 2-aminopyrimidin-4-yl substituents at posiitons 1, 4 and 5 respectively. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor, an angiogenesis inhibitor and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a member of piperidines, an organofluorine compound, an aminopyrimidine and a member of imidazoles. 
537754
3-Mercaptohexyl butyrate, also known as fema 3852, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. 3-Mercaptohexyl butyrate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 3-Mercaptohexyl butyrate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3-mercaptohexyl butyrate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 3-Mercaptohexyl butyrate has a fruity, overripe fruit, and passion fruit taste. 
64762
Alfenta is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. Alfentanil Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of alfentanil, a synthetic short-acting opioid with analgesic and local anesthesia enhancing activity. Alfentanil primarily binds to mu-opioid receptor, a G-protein-coupled receptor, thereby mimicking the actions of morphine, the prototypical mu receptor agonist. This agent induces anti-nociception responses mediated through inhibiting the release of various neurotransmitters such as substance P, GABA, dopamine, acetylcholine and noradrenaline; in addition, the release of vasopressin, somatostatin, insulin and glucagon are also inhibited. 
441934
Notoginsenoside R1 is a ginsenoside found in Panax notoginseng that is dammarane which is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 3beta, 6alpha, 12beta and 20 pro-S positions, in which the hydroxy groups at positions 6 and 20 have been converted to the corresponding beta-D-xylopyranosyl-(1->2)-beta-D-glucopyranoside and beta-D-glucopyranoside respectively, and in which a double bond has been introduced at the 24-25 position. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antioxidant, a neuroprotective agent, an apoptosis inducer and a phytoestrogen. It is a beta-D-glucoside, a 12beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a disaccharide derivative, a ginsenoside, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a 3beta-hydroxy-4,4-dimethylsteroid. It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 
12788231
CP-47,497 C8 Homologue is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
65191
Sulforhodamine b, also known as c. i. acid red 52 or erio acid red, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as xanthenes. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a xanthene moiety, which consists of two benzene rings joined to each other by a pyran ring. Sulforhodamine b is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, sulforhodamine b is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
469588
Abacavir monophosphate is the organic phosphate that is the 5'-monophosphate of abacavir. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of 2,6-diaminopurines and an organic phosphate. It derives from an abacavir. 
161166
L-kynurenine is a kynurenine that has L configuration. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a kynurenine. It is a conjugate acid of a L-kynureninate. It is an enantiomer of a D-kynurenine. It is a tautomer of a L-kynurenine zwitterion. 
122162
Luzindole is a member of the class of indoles that is tryptamine in which one of the amino hydrogens is replaced by an acetyl group while the hydrogen at position 2 is replaced by a benzyl group. It has a role as a melatonin receptor antagonist. It is a member of acetamides and a member of indoles. It derives from a tryptamine. 
10465
Heptadecanoic acid is a C17 saturated fatty acid and trace component of fats in ruminants. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite, a Daphnia magna metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acid and a straight-chain saturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a margarate. 
10928
Ethyl chloroformate appears as a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point 66°F. Very toxic by inhalation. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Vapors are heavier than air. Prolonged exposure to low concentrations or short exposure to high concentrations may have adverse health effects from inhalation. 
421
Dihydrolipoic acid is a thio-fatty acid that is reduced form of lipoic acid. A potent antioxidant shown to directly destroy superoxide, hydroperoxy and hydroxyl radicals; also has neuroprotective and anti-tumour effects. It has a role as a neuroprotective agent, an antioxidant and a human metabolite. It derives from an octanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a dihydrolipoate. 
68617
Sertraline is a member of the class of tetralins that is tetralin which is substituted at positions 1 and 4 by a methylamino and a 3,4-dichlorophenyl group, respectively (the S,S diastereoisomer). A selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitor (SSRI), it is administered orally as the hydrochloride salt as an antidepressant for the treatment of depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder and post-traumatic stress disorder. It has a role as an antidepressant and a serotonin uptake inhibitor. It is a member of tetralins, a secondary amino compound and a dichlorobenzene. It is a conjugate base of a sertraline(1+). It derives from a hydride of a tetralin. 
3417835
P-cumate is a cumate that is the conjugate base of p-cumic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a p-cumic acid. 
846
Kynurenine is a ketone that is alanine in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a 2-aminobenzoyl group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a substituted aniline, an aromatic ketone and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a kynureninate. 
9832481
Alexa Fluor 555 is a fluorescent dye of absorption wavelength 555 nm and emission wavelength 565 nm, derived from a 3,6-diaminoxanthene-4,5-disulfate. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 
5283039
13,14-dihydro-15-keto-PGF2alpha is a prostaglandin Falpha obtained by formal oxidation of the 15-hydroxy group and hydrogenation of the 13,14-double bond of prostaglandin F2alpha. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a prostaglandins Falpha and a ketone. It derives from a prostaglandin F2alpha. It is a conjugate acid of a 13,14-dihydro-15-keto-PGF2alpha(1-). 
467784
Multiorthoquinone is a diterpenoid that is phenanthrene-3,4-dione substituted by a methoxy group at position 6, a methyl groups at positions 7 and 8 and an isopropyl group at position 2. A norabietane derivative, it is isolated from Salvia multicaulis and exhibits antitubercular activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antitubercular agent. It is an aromatic ether, a diterpenoid, a member of phenanthrenes and a member of orthoquinones. 
104806
Peroxynitrite is the nitrogen oxoanion formed by loss of a proton from peroxynitrous acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a member of reactive oxygen species, a nitrogen oxoanion and a member of reactive nitrogen species. It is a conjugate base of a peroxynitrous acid. 
725
4-(trimethylammonio)butanoate is an amino-acid betaine gamma-aminobutyric acid zwitterion in which all of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen are replaced by methyl groups. It has a role as a human metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a gamma-aminobutyrate and a gamma-aminobutyric acid zwitterion. It is a conjugate base of a 4-(trimethylammonio)butanoic acid. 
439356
L-tryptophanamide is an amino acid amide that is the carboxamide of L-tryptophan. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an amino acid amide and a tryptophan derivative. It is a conjugate base of a L-tryptophanamide(1+). 
69527
Dodecanoic anhydride is an acyclic carboxylic anhydride resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy groups of two molecules of dodecanoic acid. It derives from a dodecanoic acid. 
1055
Pyridoxine 5'-phosphate is a vitamin B6 phosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a pyridoxine. It is a conjugate acid of a pyridoxine 5'-phosphate(2-). 
59916
Piroxantrone is an anthrapyrazole antineoplastic antibiotic. Piroxantrone intercalates into DNA and interacts with topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair and RNA and protein synthesis. Although less cardiotoxic than doxorubicin, this agent exhibits a narrow spectrum of antineoplastic activity. (NCI04) 
284
Formic acid appears as a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point 156°F. Density 10.2 lb / gal. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Formic acid is the simplest carboxylic acid, containing a single carbon. Occurs naturally in various sources including the venom of bee and ant stings, and is a useful organic synthetic reagent. Principally used as a preservative and antibacterial agent in livestock feed. Induces severe metabolic acidosis and ocular injury in human subjects. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, a protic solvent, a metabolite, a solvent and an astringent. It is a conjugate acid of a formate. Formic Acid is a reagent comprised of the organic chemical formic acid that cleaves proteins into peptides at the C- or N-terminal side of an aspartate residue. 
9855343
Elisidepsin is a synthetic cyclodepsipeptide derived from a marine metabolite that exhibits antineoplastic properties. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. Elisidepsin is a synthetic cyclic depsipeptide of the kahalalides family with potential antineoplastic activity. PM02734 is a derivative of a natural marine compound extracted from the sacoglossan sea slug, Elysia rufescens. Although the exact mechanism of action has yet to be elucidated, elisidepsin exhibits anti-proliferative activity in a wide variety of cancer types, such as breast, colon, pancreas, lung, and prostate. 
101819
17Alpha-methyl-3beta,17beta-dihydroxy-5alpha-androstane is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
5281703
Wogonin is a dihydroxy- and monomethoxy-flavone in which the hydroxy groups are positioned at C-5 and C-7 and the methoxy group is at C-8. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an angiogenesis inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a dihydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. It is a conjugate acid of a wogonin(1-). 
9106
Dibenzo[a,i]pyrene is an aromatic hydrocarbon that consists of six fused rings and is produced by the incomplete combustion of organic matter. Dibenzo[a,i]pyrene is primarily found in gasoline exhaust, tobacco smoke and coal tar. Dibenzo[a,i]pyrene is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
77
2-isopropylmalic acid is a dicarboxylic acid that is malic acid (2-hydroxysuccinic acid) in which the hydrogen at position 2 is substituted by an isopropyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a dicarboxylic acid, a 3-hydroxy carboxylic acid and a 2-hydroxy carboxylic acid. It derives from a succinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-isopropylmalate(2-) and a 2-isopropylmalate. 
13895
1, 4-Bis-(1, 1-dimethylethyl)-benzene, also known as para-di-tert-butylbenzene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. 1, 4-Bis-(1, 1-dimethylethyl)-benzene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 1, 4-Bis-(1, 1-dimethylethyl)-benzene has been primarily detected in feces. 
10198044
2-dehydro-L-gluconic acid is a ketogluconic acid that is L-gluconic acid in which the hydroxy group at position 2 has been oxidized to a keto group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an enantiomer of an iduronic acid. 
61771
2-(1-Methylpropyl)cyclohexanone, also known as 2-sec-butyl-cyclohexanone or cyclohexanone, sec-butyl, # 1, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. 2-(1-Methylpropyl)cyclohexanone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-(1-methylpropyl)cyclohexanone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2-(1-Methylpropyl)cyclohexanone has a camphor, fresh, and minty taste. 
101244058
8-methylmenaquinone-6 is a menaquinone whose side-chain contains six isoprene units in an all-trans-configuration and in which the hydrogen at position 8 on the naphthoquinone ring has been replaced by a methyl group.. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a member of menaquinones and an 8-methylmenaquinone. 
5280915
Lipoxin B4 is a C20 hydroxy fatty acid having (5S)-, (14R)- and (15S)-hydroxy groups as well as (6E)- (8Z)-, (10E)- and (12E)-double bonds. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a lipoxin, a long-chain fatty acid and a hydroxy polyunsaturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a lipoxin B4(1-). 
522459
Methyl pentyl disulfide, also known as 1-(methyldisulfanyl)pentane or 2, 3-dithiaoctane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkyldisulfides. These are organic compounds containing a disulfide group R-SS-R' where R and R' are both alkyl groups. Methyl pentyl disulfide is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, methyl pentyl disulfide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Methyl pentyl disulfide is an onion and sulfurous tasting compound that can be found in chives and onion-family vegetables. This makes methyl pentyl disulfide a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
528409
4-Methyl-2-propyloxazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4-disubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4-disubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2 and 4 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. 4-Methyl-2-propyloxazole is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-methyl-2-propyloxazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 4-methyl-2-propyloxazole can be found in crustaceans. This makes 4-methyl-2-propyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
7119
2-Methoxynaphthalene, also known as 2-naphthol methyl ether or nerolin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthalenes. Naphthalenes are compounds containing a naphthalene moiety, which consists of two fused benzene rings. 2-Methoxynaphthalene exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2-methoxynaphthalene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2-Methoxynaphthalene has a sweet, acacia, and blossom taste. 
440282
4-hydroxy-1-pyrroline-2-carboxylic acid is a 1-pyrrolinecarboxylic acid having a hydroxy substituent at the 4-position. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a dehydroamino acid and a 1-pyrrolinecarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-hydroxy-1-pyrroline-2-carboxylate. 
8902
Dipropylamine appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Flash point 30°F. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Toxic oxides of nitrogen produced during combustion. 
73086
Gly-Ser is a dipeptide composed of glycine and L-serine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a glycine and a L-serine. 
7344
Ethyl lactate appears as a clear colorless liquid with a mild odor. Flash point 115°F. Denser than water and soluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Ethyl 2-hydroxypropanoate is the ethyl ester obtained of 2-hydroxypropanoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a secondary alcohol, a lactate ester and an ethyl ester. It derives from a 2-hydroxypropanoic acid. 
14410
Decabromodiphenyl oxide is a white to off-white powder with a chemical odor. (NTP, 1992) Decabromodiphenyl ether is a polybromodiphenyl ether that is diphenyl ether in which all of the hydrogens have been replaced by bromines. It has a role as a neurotoxin. 
14489
Isopentenyl acetate, also known as dimethylallyl acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). Isopentenyl acetate is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, isopentenyl acetate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Isopentenyl acetate is a sweet, balsam, and banana tasting compound that can be found in fats and oils. This makes isopentenyl acetate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
580707
2-Butyl-4-ethyl-5-methyloxazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. 2-Butyl-4-ethyl-5-methyloxazole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-butyl-4-ethyl-5-methyloxazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2-butyl-4-ethyl-5-methyloxazole can be found in cocoa and cocoa products. This makes 2-butyl-4-ethyl-5-methyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
12433
Dibromoacetic acid is a monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which two of the methyl hydrogens are replaced by bromo groups. It has a role as a marine metabolite and an apoptosis inducer. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a 2-bromocarboxylic acid. It derives from an acetic acid. 
23668197
Sodium chlorite appears as a white crystalline solid. Difficult to burn, but accelerates the burning of organic substances. Forms explosive mixtures with certain combustible materials. May explode under prolonged exposure to heat or fire. Used in water purification, to bleach wood pulp, textile, fats, oils; and for many other uses. Sodium chlorite is an inorganic sodium salt in which chlorite is the counterion. It has a role as an oxidising agent. It is an inorganic sodium salt and a chlorite salt. 
189003
3,4-dihydroxybenzenesulfonic acid is a benzene ring substituted with a sulphonic acid group at position C-1, and hydroxy groups at C-3 and C-4. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,4-dihydroxybenzenesulfonate. 
440574
16alpha-hydroxyandrost-4-ene-3,17-dione is a 16alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo steroid, a 17-oxo steroid, an androstanoid and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 
160799
Tau-cadinol is a cadinane sesquiterpenoid that is cadin-4-ene carrying a hydroxy substituent at position 10. It has a role as a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. It is a cadinane sesquiterpenoid, a carbobicyclic compound, a tertiary alcohol and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. 
6781
Diethyl phthalate appears as a clear, colorless liquid without significant odor. More dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence sinks in water. Primary hazard is to the environment. Spread to the environment should be immediately stopped. Easily penetrates soil, contaminates groundwater and nearby waterways. Flash point 325°F. Severely irritates eyes and mildly irritates skin. Used in the manufacture of perfumes, plastics, mosquito repellents and many other products. Diethyl phthalate is the diethyl ester of benzene-1,2-dicarboxylic acid. It has a role as a teratogenic agent, a neurotoxin and a plasticiser. It is a phthalate ester, a diester and an ethyl ester. 
44285
Chrysen-3-ol is a hydroxychrysene that is chrysene in which the hydrogen at position 3 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a metabolite of the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon chrysene. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. 
16136912
Oritavancin is a semisynthetic glycopeptide used (as its bisphosphate salt) for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections caused or suspected to be caused by susceptible isolates of designated Gram-positive microorganisms including MRSA. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and an antimicrobial agent. It is a disaccharide derivative, a glycopeptide and a semisynthetic derivative. It derives from a vancomycin aglycone. 
11218768
Glu-Pro is a dipeptide composed of L-glutamic acid and L-proline joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-glutamic acid and a L-proline. 
93168
D617 is a nitrile that is pentanenitrile substituted by a 3,4-dimethoxyphenyl group at position 2, a methylamino group at position 4 and an isopropyl group at position 2. It is a metabolite of the drug verapamil. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite and a drug metabolite. It is a dimethoxybenzene, a nitrile and a secondary amino compound. 
5202
Serotonin is a primary amino compound that is the 5-hydroxy derivative of tryptamine. It has a role as a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a neurotransmitter. It is a monoamine molecular messenger, a primary amino compound, a member of phenols, a member of hydroxyindoles and a member of tryptamines. It derives from a tryptamine. It is a conjugate base of a serotonin(1+). 
442159
Alangimarckine is a member of the class of beta-carbolines that is tubulosan bearing methoxy groups at positions 10 and 11 as well as a hydroxy group at position 9. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, a member of isoquinolines, an aromatic ether, a member of beta-carbolines, a secondary amino compound, a tertiary amino compound and a member of phenols. It derives from a tubulosan. 
61814
2, 4-Dimethylbenzaldehyde, also known as 1-formyl-2, 4-dimethylbenzene or 2, 4-xylylaldehyde, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoyl derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an acyl moiety of benzoic acid with the formula (C6H5CO-). 2, 4-Dimethylbenzaldehyde exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2, 4-dimethylbenzaldehyde is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2, 4-Dimethylbenzaldehyde has an almond, cherry, and naphthyl taste. 
5281640
Isogentisin is a member of the class of xanthones that is 9H-xanthen-9-one substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 3 and a methoxy group at position 7. It has a role as an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a member of xanthones, a polyphenol and an aromatic ether. 
316175
Dipicryl sulfide, wetted with not less than 10% water appears as a white to light colored solid. Insoluble in water and more dense than water. Can be explosive if allowed to dry out. Contact may cause irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. If exposed to high temperatures or flames may ignite and burn with an intense flame. 
66685
Fast blue B is the aromatic diazonium ion formed from diazotisation of 3,3'-dimethoxy[1,1'-biphenyl]-4,4'-diamine. It has a role as a histological dye. 
102803
4-(1-hydroxyethyl)phenol is a member of the class of phenols that is phenol substituted by a 1-hydroxyethyl group at position 4. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a member of benzyl alcohols. 
8122
Ethyl octadecanoate is an octadecanoate ester obtained by formal condensation between the carboxy group of octadecanoic (stearic) acid and the hydroxy group of ethanol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acid ethyl ester and an octadecanoate ester. 
15884
2,4-dimethyl-6-tert-butyl phenol appears as a yellow liquid with a phenolic odor. Insoluble in water and about the same density as water. Exposure to skin, eyes or mucous membranes may cause severe burns. 
11528367
2-deoxy-D-ribonic acid is a pentonic acid that is the 2-deoxy derivative of D-ribonic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a D-ribonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-deoxy-D-ribonate. 
5354590
Oleylanilide is the fatty amide resulting from the formal condensation of oleic acid and aniline. It is an anilide and a fatty amide. It derives from an oleic acid. 
61655
Lead perchlorate appears as a white crystalline solid. A dangerous fire risk when in contact with reducing materials. Very toxic by ingestion. Used to make paints and in electric storage batteries. 
9812715
Telavancin hydrochloride is a hydrochloride obtained by combining telavancin and hydrochloric acid. The composition of the compound is telavancin.nHCl where n = 1-3. Used for treatment of adults with complicated skin and skin structure infections caused by bacteria. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and an antimicrobial agent. It contains a telavancin. Telavancin Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of telavancin, a lipoglycopeptide and a semisynthetic derivative of vancomycin with antibacterial activity against gram-positive bacteria. Like vancomycin, telavancin binds tightly to the D-alanyl-D-alanine residue of cell wall precursors, thereby interfering with bacterial cell wall synthesis. In addition, the lipophilic moiety of telavancin may interact with the lipid bilayer in the bacterial cell membrane, thereby compromising the integrity of cell membrane and causing cell membrane depolarization. This novel mechanism of action may contribute to telavancin's rapid bactericidal activity and its improved activity over vancomycin against some antibiotic resistance gram-positive bacteria. 
512289
Borneol appears as a white colored lump-solid with a sharp camphor-like odor. Burns readily. Slightly denser than water and insoluble in water. Used to make perfumes. 
5282031
10-deoxymethynolide is a macrolide that consists of oxacyclododec-9-ene-2,8-dione bearing four methyl substituents at positions 3, 5, 7 and 11 as well as a hydroxy group at position 4 and an ethyl substituent at position 12. The aglycone of the macrolide antibiotic 10-deoxymethymycin. It has a role as a metabolite. 
5289090
All-trans-4-oxoretinol is a retinoid that is all-trans-retinol in which the hydrogens at position 4 have been replaced by an oxo group. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a retinoid, a cyclic ketone, an enone and a primary allylic alcohol. It derives from an all-trans-retinol. 
9821318
BU-4704 is an aryl sulfate that is phenyl hydrogen sulfate substituted by a (1Z,3Z)-2,3-diisocyano-4-(4-methoxyphenyl)buta-1,3-dien-1-yl group at position 4. An Aspergillus metabolite isolated from Aspergillus and Aspergillus fumigatus. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is an aryl sulfate, an aromatic ether and an isocyanide. 
8067
Amyl mercaptan appears as a clear colorless to light-yellow liquid with an offensive odor. Flash point 65°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors are heavier than air. May be toxic by inhalation. 
97472
4-Hydroxybenzylamine, also known as 4-(aminomethyl)phenol or a-amino-p-cresol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylmethylamines. Phenylmethylamines are compounds containing a phenylmethtylamine moiety, which consists of a phenyl group substituted by an methanamine. 4-Hydroxybenzylamine exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-hydroxybenzylamine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 4-hydroxybenzylamine can be found in brassicas and herbs and spices. This makes 4-hydroxybenzylamine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
7048703
3,3',5-triiodo-L-thyronine zwitterion is the amino acid zwitterion formed from 3,3',5-triiodo-L-thyronine by tranfer of a proton from the carboxy group to the amino group. It is the major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a tautomer of a 3,3',5-triiodo-L-thyronine. 
145692
S-methyl-L-methionine is a sulfonium compound that is the conjugate acid of S-methyl-L-methioninate. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a S-methyl-L-methioninate. It is a tautomer of a S-methyl-L-methionine zwitterion. 
16061249
(3E)-3,4-didehydrorhodopin is a carotenol having the structure of rhodopin with two hydrogen atoms abstracted from the C(3)-C(4) bond to form an extra trans double bond. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a carotenol and a tertiary alcohol. It derives from a rhodopin. 
26840
Phytanic acid is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid consisting of hexadecanoic acid carrying methyl substituents at positions 3, 7, 11 and 15. It is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid, a long-chain fatty acid and a methyl-branched fatty acid. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a phytanate. It derives from a hydride of a phytane. 
441709
Atisine is a organic heterohexacyclic compound and diterpene alkaloid isolated from Aconitum anthora. In solution, it is a 2:1 mixture of readily interconvertible epimers at position 20 (the carbon attached to both the nitrogen and an oxygen atom). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a diterpene alkaloid, a terpene alkaloid fundamental parent, an organic heterohexacyclic compound and a secondary alcohol. 
70678705
(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-docosahexaenoyl-CoA is an unsaturated fatty acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of (4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-docosahexaenoic acid. It is a member of n-3 PUFA and a product of alpha-linolenoic acid metabolism. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is an unsaturated fatty acyl-CoA and a long-chain fatty acyl-CoA. It derives from an all-cis-docosa-4,7,10,13,16,19-hexaenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-docosahexaenoyl-CoA(4-). 
84298
Asperuloside is a iridoid monoterpenoid glycoside isolated from Galium verum. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an iridoid monoterpenoid, a beta-D-glucoside, a monosaccharide derivative, an acetate ester and a gamma-lactone. 
2724063
Naphthol yellow S is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of 5,7-dinitro-8-hydroxynaphthalene-2-sulfonic acid. It has a role as a histological dye. It contains a flavianate. 
12198
Propyleneglycol diacetate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dicarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing exactly two carboxylic acid groups. Propyleneglycol diacetate exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, propyleneglycol diacetate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Propyleneglycol diacetate has an acetic and fruity taste. 
11443
Toluene-2,4-diisocyanate appears as colorless to yellow or dark liquid or solid with a sweet, fruity, pungent odor. Melting point 68°F (20° C). Evolves CO2 when moist. This can cause over-pressurization in an enclosed space.Toxic and carcinogenic. Used in polyurethane foams, coatings in floor and wood finishes, sealers, paints, concrete sealers for aircraft and tank trucks, elastomers in clay pipe seals, elastomers and coatings, and crosslinking agent for nylon.   Rate of onset: Immediate  Persistence: Hours - weeks  Odor threshold: 0.4 - 2 ppm  Source/use/other hazard: Polyurethane (wood coatings, foam), nylon industries; skin irritant. Toluene 2,4-diisocyanate is a toluene meta-diisocyanate in which the isocyanato groups are at positions 2 and 4 relative to the methyl group on the benzene ring. It has a role as a hapten and an allergen. Toluene Diisocyanate is a synthetic mixture of the 2,4- and 2,6-isomers is a volatile, colorless to pale yellow liquid that is soluble in many organic solvents. These isomers are used primarily in the synthesis of polyurethane foams. When heated to decomposition, toluene diisocyanate emits toxic fumes of cyanides and nitrogen oxides. Exposure of humans to toluene diisocyanate causes tissue irritation, especially to the mucous membranes, and can produce severe respiratory problems. These isomers are reasonably anticipated to be human carcinogens. (NCI05) 
434120
Arvensoside D, also known as calenduloside C, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpene saponins. These are glycosylated derivatives of triterpene sapogenins. The sapogenin moiety backbone is usually based on the oleanane, ursane, taraxastane, bauerane, lanostane, lupeol, lupane, dammarane, cycloartane, friedelane, hopane, 9b, 19-cyclo-lanostane, cycloartane, or cycloartanol skeleton. Arvensoside D exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, arvensoside D is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
24916915
(R)-5-diphosphonatomevalonate(4-) is an organophosphate oxoanion arising from deprotonation of carboxylic acid and phosphate functions of (R)-5-diphosphomevalonic acid. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a monocarboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a (R)-5-diphosphomevalonic acid. 
439587
Pro-Pro-Pro is a tripeptide composed of three L-proline units joined by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-proline. 
119389
Octanoate is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of octanoic acid (caprylic acid); believed to block adipogenesis. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a fatty acid anion 8:0 and a straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of an octanoic acid. 
267363
Avenacoside a belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroidal saponins. These are saponins in which the aglycone moiety is a steroid. The steroidal aglycone is usually a spirostane, furostane, spirosolane, solanidane, or curcubitacin derivative. Avenacoside a is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Avenacoside a has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, avenacoside a is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, avenacoside a can be found in cereals and cereal products and oat. This makes avenacoside a a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
5935
Nitrogen mustard hydrochloride appears as white to off-white crystals or powder with a fishy odor. Initial pH (2% aqueous solution) 3.0-4.0. (NTP, 1992) Mechlorethamine hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of mechlorethamine. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It contains a mechlorethamine. Mechlorethamine Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of mechlorethamine, a nitrogen mustard and an analogue of sulfur mustard, with antineoplastic and immunosuppressive activities. Mechlorethamine is metabolized to an unstable, highly reactive ethyleniminium intermediate that alkylates DNA, particularly the 7 nitrogen of guanine residues, resulting in DNA base pair mismatching, DNA interstrand crosslinking, the inhibition of DNA repair and synthesis, cell-cycle arrest, and apoptosis. This agent also exhibits lympholytic properties. 
165618
Monocyclohexyl phthalate is a phthalic acid monoester resulting from the formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups of phthalic acid with cyclohexanol. It is a metabolite of the commonly used plasticiser dicyclohexyl phthalate. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a cyclohexanol. 
45789647
Methylone is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
18818
Sabinene is a thujene that is a bicyclic monoterpene isolated from the essential oils of various plant species. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
124213
AS-186a is a dibenzodioxocine that is 5H,7H-dibenzo[b,g][1,5]dioxocin-5-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 11, a (1S)-1-hydroxy-3-methylbutyl group at position 3 and a methoxy and a methyl group at positions 4 and 9 respectively. It is isolated from the culture broth of Penicillium asperosporum and acts as an acyl-CoA:cholesterol acyltransferase inhibitor. It has a role as an EC 2.3.1.26 (sterol O-acyltransferase) inhibitor, an antimicrobial agent and a Penicillium metabolite. It is a member of phenols, an aromatic ether, a lactone, a secondary alcohol and a dibenzodioxocine. 
2723873
Ponceau S is an organic sodium salt that is the tetrasodium salt of 3-hydroxy-4-({2-sulfo-4-[(4-sulfophenyl)diazenyl]phenyl}diazenyl)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonic acid. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. It is an organic sodium salt and an organosulfonate salt. It contains a Ponceau S(4-). 
6036
D-galactopyranose is a galactopyranose having D-configuration. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a D-galactose and a galactopyranose. 
85704
Narirutin, also known as isonaringenin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavonoid-7-o-glycosides. These are phenolic compounds containing a flavonoid moiety which is O-glycosidically linked to carbohydrate moiety at the C7-position. Narirutin exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, narirutin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Narirutin is a bland tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as mandarin orange (clementine, tangerine), peppermint, pummelo, and lime. This makes narirutin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
71648
Flamenol is a member of the class of resorcinols that is phloroglucinol in which one of the phenolic hydrogens has been replaced by a methyl group. It has a role as a Brassica napus metabolite. It is a member of resorcinols and a monomethoxybenzene. It derives from a phloroglucinol. 
442788
Homoferreirin is a dihydroxyflavanone that is flavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5 and 7 and methoxy groups at positions 2' and 4' respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a dimethoxyflavanone and a dihydroxyflavanone. It derives from a flavanone. 
5121664
3-fluoropyruvate is the anion of 3-fluoropyruvic acid. It derives from a pyruvate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-fluoropyruvic acid. 
687126
3-nitrocinnamic acid is a C-nitro compound comprising trans-cinnamic acid having a nitro group at position 3 on the phenyl ring. It derives from a trans-cinnamic acid. 
439255
L-arabinitol is the L-enantiomer of arabinitol. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a D-arabinitol. 
62182
4-[(2-Methyl-3-furanyl)thio]-5-nonanone, also known as 1, 3-dipropylacetonyl 2-methyl-3-furyl sulfide or fema 3571, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. 4-[(2-Methyl-3-furanyl)thio]-5-nonanone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-[(2-methyl-3-furanyl)thio]-5-nonanone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 4-[(2-Methyl-3-furanyl)thio]-5-nonanone has a meaty and roasted taste. 
243
Benzoic acid appears as a white crystalline solid. Slightly soluble in water. The primary hazard is the potential for environmental damage if released. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. Used to make other chemicals, as a food preservative, and for other uses. Benzoic acid is a compound comprising a benzene ring core carrying a carboxylic acid substituent. It has a role as an antimicrobial food preservative, an EC 3.1.1.3 (triacylglycerol lipase) inhibitor, an EC 1.13.11.33 (arachidonate 15-lipoxygenase) inhibitor, a plant metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite, an algal metabolite and a drug allergen. It is a conjugate acid of a benzoate. 
133503
1-(Malonylamino)cyclopropanecarboxylic acid, also known as macc, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acyl-l-alpha-amino acids. These are n-acylated alpha amino acids which have the L-configuration of the alpha-carbon atom. 1-(Malonylamino)cyclopropanecarboxylic acid exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1-(malonylamino)cyclopropanecarboxylic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 1-(malonylamino)cyclopropanecarboxylic acid can be found in cereals and cereal products and garden tomato. This makes 1-(malonylamino)cyclopropanecarboxylic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
16095400
Fluxapyroxad is an aromatic amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 3-(difluoromethyl)-1-methylpyrazole-4-carboxylic acid with the amino group of 3',4',5'-trifluorobiphenyl-2-amine. Used to control a number of cereal fungal pathogens including those belonging to the Ascomycetes, Basidiomycetes and Zygomycetes families. It has a role as an EC 1.3.5.1 [succinate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an aromatic amide, a member of biphenyls, a member of pyrazoles, a trifluorobenzene and an anilide fungicide. 
10175076
Cevoglitazar is a dual peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) agonist, with hypoglycemic activity. In addition to its beneficial effects on glucose and triglyceride (TG) plasma levels, cevoglitazar also decreases body weight gain and adiposity. 
6419707
All-trans-retinoate is a retinoate that is the conjugate base of all-trans-retinoic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an all-trans-retinoic acid. 
6291
Mestranol is a terminal acetylenic compound that is (17alpha)-17-ethynylestra-1(10),2,4-triene substituted by a methoxy group at position 3 and a hydroxy group at position 17. It has a role as a prodrug and a xenoestrogen. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a terminal acetylenic compound and an aromatic ether. It derives from a 17beta-estradiol. Mestranol is a semisynthetic estrogen. Metabolized by the liver to ethynyl estradiol, mestranol serves as the estrogen component in several combination oral contraceptives. (NCI04) 
71362816
Spiroiminodihydantoin is an azaspiro compound that is 1,3,6,8-tetraazaspiro[4.4]non-6-ene which is substituted by oxo groups at positions 2, 4, and 9. Both enantiomers are highly mutagenic products resulting from the oxidation of guanine and 8-oxo-7,8-dihydroguanine in DNA by reactive oxygen species. It has a role as a mutagen. It derives from a hydantoin. 
352040
Phenylalanyl-alanine, also known as F-a dipeptide or phe-ala, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Phenylalanyl-alanine is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Phenylalanyl-alanine has been primarily detected in feces. 
151806
Trimethylaminoacetone, also known as acetonyltrimethylammonium, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha-amino ketones. These are ketones containing a carboxylic acid, and an amine group attached to the alpha carbon atom relative to C=O group. Trimethylaminoacetone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
24913
Monomethyl phenylphosphonate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. Monomethyl phenylphosphonate is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, monomethyl phenylphosphonate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
527217
Isointermedeol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as eudesmane, isoeudesmane or cycloeudesmane sesquiterpenoids. These are sesquiterpenoids with a structure based on the eudesmane skeleton. Isointermedeol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, isointermedeol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, isointermedeol can be found in herbs and spices. This makes isointermedeol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
11118
5-Nitro-2-propoxyaniline, also known as p 4000 or ultrasuss, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as nitrophenyl ethers. These are aromatic compounds containing a nitrobenzene moiety that carries an ether group on the benzene ring. 5-Nitro-2-propoxyaniline exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 5-nitro-2-propoxyaniline is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
25611
2-Methyl-3-heptanone, also known as butyl isopropyl ketone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. 2-Methyl-3-heptanone is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-methyl-3-heptanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Methyl-3-heptanone has a fruity, green, and leafy taste. 
8370
Hexachlorobenzene appears as a white crystalline substance. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. Hexachlorobenzene is a member of the class of chlorobenzenes that is benzene in which all of the hydrogens are replaced by chlorines. An agricultural fungicide introduced in the mid-1940s and formerly used as a seed treatment, its use has been banned since 1984 under the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants. It has a role as a persistent organic pollutant, a carcinogenic agent and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of chlorobenzenes and an aromatic fungicide. Hexachlorobenzene is a stable, white, crystalline chlorinated hydrocarbon that emits very toxic fumes of carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, hydrochloric acid and other chlorinated compounds when heated to decomposition. Hexachlorobenzene was used as a fungicide and was also used as a chemical intermediate in the manufacture of dyes, synthesis of organic chemicals, rubber and in wood preservation. Prolonged oral exposure to this substance results in a liver disease with associated skin lesions. Hexachlorobenzene is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen based on association between thyroid, liver and kidney cancer and oral exposure in animals. (NCI05) 
2804318
Tiadinil is a monocarboxylic acid amide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-methyl-1,2,3-thiadiazole-5-carboxylic acid with the amino group of 3-chloro-4-methylaniline. It is a fungicide used particularly for the control of fungal diseases in rice. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of thiadiazoles, an organosulfur compound and an anilide fungicide. 
278055
Koenigicine, also known as kenimbidine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carbazoles. Carbazoles are compounds containing a three ring system containing a pyrrole ring fused on either side to a benzene ring. Koenigicine exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, koenigicine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, koenigicine can be found in herbs and spices. This makes koenigicine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
5004
Quinalizarin is a tetrahydroxyanthraquinone having the four hydroxy groups at the 1-, 2-, 5- and 8-positions. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.1 (non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase) inhibitor. 
146157542
A bacteriostatic antibiotic macrolide produced by Streptomyces erythreus. Erythromycin A is considered its major active component. In sensitive organisms, it inhibits protein synthesis by binding to 50S ribosomal subunits. This binding process inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with translocation of amino acids during translation and assembly of proteins. 
135398733
4-ethylamino-6-isopropylamino-1,3,5-triazin-2-ol is a monohydroxy-1,3,5-triazine that is atrazine in which the chloro group has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine and a monohydroxy-1,3,5-triazine. It derives from an atrazine. 
54706667
1,4-dihydroxy-2-naphthoate is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 1,4-dihydroxy-2-naphthoic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a 2-naphthoate. It is a conjugate base of a 1,4-dihydroxy-2-naphthoic acid. 
1549016
Sebacate(2-) is a dicarboxylic acid dianion obtained by deprotonation of both carboxy groups of suberic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a dicarboxylic acid dianion and a sebacate. It is a conjugate base of a sebacic acid. 
323623
Amaralin is an azulenofuran that is decahydrooxireno[1,2]azuleno[6,5-b]furan-5(1aH)-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 8, methyl groups at positions 2 and 7a and a methylidene group at position 6. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a sesquiterpene lactone and an azulenofuran. 
213031
Fenhexamid is an aromatic amide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 1-methylcyclohexanecarboxylic acid with the amino group of 4-amino-2,3-dichlorophenol. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.72 (methylsterol monooxygenase) inhibitor, a sterol biosynthesis inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of phenols, an aromatic amide, a dichlorobenzene and an anilide fungicide. 
2578
Carmustine is a member of the class of N-nitrosoureas that is 1,3-bis(2-chloroethyl)urea in which one of the nitrogens is substituted by a nitroso group. It has a role as an alkylating agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of N-nitrosoureas and an organochlorine compound. Carmustine is an antineoplastic nitrosourea. Carmustine alkylates and cross-links DNA during all phases of the cell cycle, resulting in disruption of DNA function, cell cycle arrest, and apoptosis. This agent also carbamoylates proteins, including DNA repair enzymes, resulting in an enhanced cytotoxic effect. Carmustine is highly lipophilic and crosses the blood-brain barrier readily. (NCI04) 
527428
p-Mentha-1, 8-dien-4-ol, also known as limonen-4-ol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. p-Mentha-1, 8-dien-4-ol is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, p-mentha-1, 8-dien-4-ol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, p-mentha-1, 8-dien-4-ol can be found in a number of food items such as pepper (spice), citrus, spearmint, and caraway. This makes p-mentha-1, 8-dien-4-ol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
656825
2-methoxyhexadecanoic acid is a long chain fatty acid consisting of hexadecanoic (palmitic) acid carrying a methoxy substituent at position 2; naturally occurring only in the phospholipids of sponges. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
124080907
Ipratropium Bromide is the bromide salt form of ipratropium, a synthetic derivative of the alkaloid atropine with anticholinergic properties. Ipratropium antagonizes the actions of acetylcholine at parasympathetic, postganglionic, effector-cell junctions. When inhaled, ipratropium binds competitively to cholinergic receptors in the bronchial smooth muscle thereby blocking the bronchoconstrictor actions of the acetylcholine mediated vagal impulses. Inhibition of the vagal tone leads to dilation of the large central airways resulting in bronchodilation. 
61936
4-Mercapto-2-butanone, also known as 2-keto-4-butanethiol or 2-thiahexan-5-one, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. 4-Mercapto-2-butanone is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-mercapto-2-butanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 4-Mercapto-2-butanone has an onion and sulfurous taste. 
11485656
Linifanib is a member of the class of phenylureas that is urea in which one of the nitrogens is substituted by a 2-fluoro-5-methylphenyl group, while the other is substituted by a p-(3-amino-1H-indazol-4-yl)phenyl group. It is a potent, selective inhibitor of vascular endothelial growth factor and platelet-derived growth factor receptor tyrosine kinases. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor and an angiogenesis inhibitor. It is an aromatic amine, a member of indazoles and a member of phenylureas. Linifanib is an orally bioavailable receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. Linifanib inhibits members of the vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) receptor families; it exhibits much less activity against unrelated RTKs, soluble tyrosine kinases, or serine/threonine kinases. This agent does not have a general antiproliferative effect due to its high dose requirement. However, linifanib may exhibit potent antiproliferative and apoptotic effects on tumor cells whose proliferation is dependent on mutant kinases, such as FMS-related tyrosine kinase receptor-3 (FLT3). 
69726
1-methyluric acid is an oxopurine that is 7,9-dihydro-1H-purine-2,6,8(3H)-trione substituted by a methyl group at N-1. It is one of the metabolites of caffeine found in human urine. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a 7,9-dihydro-1H-purine-2,6,8(3H)-trione. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-methylurate anion. 
642249
Methyl gamma-D-aspartate is a dicarboxylic acid monoester obtained by condensation of the side-chain carboxy group of D-aspartic acid with methanol. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a D-aspartic acid derivative and a dicarboxylic acid monoester. 
521326
Octyl heptanoate, also known as fema 2810 or octyl enanthate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. Octyl heptanoate exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Octyl heptanoate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, octyl heptanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Octyl heptanoate has a fatty and fruity taste. 
5234
Sodium chloride appears as a white crystalline solid. Commercial grade usually contains some chlorides of calcium and magnesium which absorb moisture and cause caking. (NTP, 1992) Sodium chloride is an inorganic chloride salt having sodium(1+) as the counterion. It has a role as an emetic and a flame retardant. It is an inorganic chloride and an inorganic sodium salt. Sodium Chloride is a metal halide composed of sodium and chloride with sodium and chloride replacement capabilities. When depleted in the body, sodium must be replaced in order to maintain intracellular osmolarity, nerve conduction, muscle contraction and normal renal function. 
7839
Ethylene dibromide appears as a clear colorless liquid with a sweetish odor. Density 18.1 lb /gal. Slightly soluble in water. Soluble in most organic solvents and thinners. Noncombustible. Very toxic by inhalation, skin absorption or ingestion. Used as a solvent, scavenger for lead in gasoline, grain fumigant and in the manufacture of other chemicals. 1,2-dibromoethane is a bromoalkane that is ethane carrying bromo substituents at positions 1 and 2. It is produced by marine algae. It has a role as a fumigant, a carcinogenic agent, a marine metabolite, an algal metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a mutagen. It is a bromohydrocarbon and a bromoalkane. Ethylene Dibromide is a clear, colorless, volatile liquid brominated hydrocarbon with a mild, sweet, chloroform-like odor that emits corrosive and toxic fumes when heated to decomposition. Ethylene dibromide is used as a chemical intermediate in the synthesis of resins, waxes, gums, dyes and pharmaceuticals and is used to produce vinyl bromide. Exposure to ethylene dibromide severely irritates the skin and causes depression and collapse. Ethylene dibromide affects DNA integrity by alkylation and is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. 
138016
7-hydroxyheptanoic acid is an omega-hydroxy fatty acid comprising heptanoic acid which is substituted by a hydroxy group at position 7. It is an omega-hydroxy fatty acid, a medium-chain fatty acid and a straight-chain fatty acid. It derives from a heptanoic acid. 
22806751
Beta-D-Galp-(1->3)-[alpha-L-Fucp-(1->4)]-D-GlcpNAc is an amino trisaccharide consisting of N-acetylglucosamine having a fucosyl residue attached at the 4-position via an alpha-linkage and a galactosyl residue attached at the 3-position via a beta-linkage. It has a role as an epitope and an antigen. It is an amino trisaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 
52921641
Beta-D-galactosyl-(1->4)-beta-D-glucosyl-(1<->1)-N-docosanoylsphingosine is a beta-D-galactosyl-(1->4)-beta-D-glucosyl-(1<->1')-N-acylsphingosine in which the acyl group specified is docosanoyl. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a docosanoic acid. 
6405
Tert-amyl alcohol appears as a clear, colorless liquid with an odor of camphor. Slightly soluble in water. 2-methylbutan-2-ol is a tertiary alcohol that is propan-1-ol in which both of the hydrogens at position 1 have been replaced by methyl groups. It has a role as a protic solvent. It is a tertiary alcohol and an aliphatic alcohol. 
5281608
Chrysosplenetin is a tetramethoxyflavone that is the 3,6,7,3'-tetramethyl ether derivative of quercetagetin. It has a role as an antiviral agent and a plant metabolite. It is a tetramethoxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavone. It derives from a quercetagetin. 
5283571
N-tetracosanoylsphingosine is a N-acylsphingosine in which the ceramide N-acyl group is specified as tetracosanoyl. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a N-acylsphingosine, a Cer(d42:1) and a N-(very-long-chain fatty acyl)-sphingoid base. It derives from a tetracosanoic acid. 
5578
Trimethoprim is an aminopyrimidine antibiotic whose structure consists of pyrimidine 2,4-diamine and 1,2,3-trimethoxybenzene moieties linked by a methylene bridge. It has a role as an EC 1.5.1.3 (dihydrofolate reductase) inhibitor, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, a drug allergen, an antibacterial drug and a diuretic. It is a member of methoxybenzenes and an aminopyrimidine. Trimethoprim is a synthetic derivative of trimethoxybenzyl-pyrimidine with antibacterial and antiprotozoal properties. As a pyrimidine inhibitor of bacterial dihydrofolate reductase, trimethoprim binds tightly to the bacterial enzyme, blocking the production of tetrahydrofolic acid from dihydrofolic acid. The antibacterial activity of this agent is potentiated by sulfonamides. (NCI04) 
5495
1-(ethoxymethyl)-5-isopropyl-6-(phenylsulfanyl)uracil is a pyrimidone that is uracil in which positions 1, 5, and 6 are substituted by ethoxymethyl, isopropyl, and phenylsulfanyl groups, respectively. It is an aryl sulfide and a pyrimidone. It derives from a uracil. 
8138
Methyl undecenate is a fatty acid methyl ester of 10-undecenoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a 10-undecenoic acid. 
3036931
Isobutyryl-CoA is a short-chain, methyl-branched fatty acyl-CoA that is the S-isobutyryl derivative of coenzyme A. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a short-chain fatty acyl-CoA and a methyl-branched fatty acyl-CoA. It derives from a coenzyme A and an isobutyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of an isobutyryl-CoA(4-). 
9852086
Ginsenoside C-K is a ginsenoside found in Panax species that is dammarane which is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 3beta, 12beta and 20 pro-S positions, in which the hydroxy group at position 20 has been converted to the corresponding beta-D-glucopyranoside, and in which a double bond has been introduced at the 24-25 position. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antineoplastic agent, a hepatoprotective agent, an anti-allergic agent and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a beta-D-glucoside, a 12beta-hydroxy steroid, a ginsenoside, a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid and a 3beta-hydroxy-4,4-dimethylsteroid. It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 
5463350
Pinacyanol iodide is a cyanine dye and an organic iodide salt. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a pinacyanol cation. 
62403
Neomycin Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of neomycin, a broad spectrum aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from Streptomyces fradiae with antibacterial activity. Neomycin is an antibiotic complex consisting of 3 components: the two isomeric components B and C are the active components, and neomycin A is the minor component. Neomycin irreversibly binds to the 16S rRNA and S12 protein of the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. As a result, this agent interferes with the assembly of initiation complex between mRNA and the bacterial ribosome, thereby inhibiting the initiation of protein synthesis. In addition, neomycin induces misreading of the mRNA template and causes translational frameshift, thereby results in premature termination. This eventually leads to bacterial cell death. 
124322
1,N(2)-ethenoguanine is a nucleobase analogue obtained by addition of an etheno group across positions 1 and N2 of guanine. It is an imidazopurine and a nucleobase analogue. It derives from a guanine. 
15787
Nitrofen appears as colorless crystals or black solid. Used as a pre- or post-emergence herbicide. Nitrofen is an organic molecular entity. It has a role as an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor and a herbicide. Nitrofen is a white, crystalline, solid, combustible, chlorinated compound. Nitrofen was used as an herbicide, but is no longer used or manufactured in the United States. Exposure to nitrofen irritates the skin, eyes and respiratory tract and affects the blood and central nervous system. This substance is teratogenic and carcinogenic in animals and is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
329252
Diosbulbin g belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthopyrans. Naphthopyrans are compounds containing a pyran ring fused to a naphthalene moiety. Furan is a 6 membered-ring non-aromatic ring with five carbon and one oxygen atoms. Naphthalene is a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon made up of two fused benzene rings. Diosbulbin g exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, diosbulbin g is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, diosbulbin g can be found in root vegetables. This makes diosbulbin g a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
407912
2',4',5',7'-tetrabromo-2,3,4,5-tetrachlorofluorescein is a xanthene dye that is fluorescein bearing bromine substituents at positions 2', 4', 5' and 7' (on the xanthene ring) and chlorine substituents at position 2, 3, 4, and 5 (on the phenyl ring). The disodium salt is the biological stain 'phloxine B'. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is an organobromine compound, a member of benzoic acids, a tetrachlorobenzene, a member of phenols and a xanthene dye. It derives from a fluorescein. It is a conjugate acid of a 2',4',5',7'-tetrabromo-2,3,4,5-tetrachlorofluorescein(2-). 
228588
1-(2-Furanyl)-1-butanone, also known as 2-butanoylfuran or propyl furyl ketone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. 1-(2-Furanyl)-1-butanone is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1-(2-furanyl)-1-butanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 1-(2-Furanyl)-1-butanone is a balsamic tasting compound that can be found in cocoa and cocoa products and coffee and coffee products. This makes 1-(2-furanyl)-1-butanone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
5281652
Mesuaxanthone B is a member of the class of xanthones that is 9H-xanthen-9-one substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1, 5 and 6. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of xanthones and a polyphenol. 
171322
4-Hydroxy-alprenolol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4-alkoxyphenols. These are phenols that carry an alkoxy group at the 4-position of the benzene ring. 4-Hydroxy-alprenolol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 4-Hydroxy-alprenolol has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 4-hydroxy-alprenolol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
135438475
6-amino-4-(2-phenylethyl)-1,7-dihydro-8H-imidazo[4,5-g]quinazolin-8-one is a solid. This compound belongs to the stilbenes. These are organic compounds containing a 1,2-diphenylethylene moiety. Stilbenes (C6-C2-C6) are derived from the common phenylpropene (C6-C3) skeleton building block. The introduction of one or more hydroxyl groups to a phenyl ring lead to stilbenoids. It is known to target queuine tRNA-ribosyltransferase. 
33032
L-glutamic acid is an optically active form of glutamic acid having L-configuration. It has a role as a nutraceutical, a micronutrient, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a neurotransmitter. It is a glutamine family amino acid, a proteinogenic amino acid, a glutamic acid and a L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a L-glutamate(1-). It is an enantiomer of a D-glutamic acid. 
148856
3',4',5,6-tetrahydroxy-3,7-dimethoxyflavone is a dimethoxyflavone that is the 3,7-di-O-methyl derivative of quercetagetin. It is a tetrahydroxyflavone and a dimethoxyflavone. It derives from a quercetagetin. It is a conjugate acid of a 3',4',5,6-tetrahydroxy-3,7-dimethoxyflavone(1-). 
16622
N-Ethyl-1-phenylcyclohexylamine is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
222778
Fumagillol is a sesquiterpenoid with antimicrobial properties. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent. It is a spiro-epoxide, a secondary alcohol and a sesquiterpenoid. 
123931031
Cefmenoxime is a third-generation, semi-synthetic, beta-lactam cephalosporin antibiotic with antibacterial activity. Cefmenoxime binds to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs), transpeptidases that are responsible for crosslinking of peptidoglycan. By preventing crosslinking of peptidoglycan, cell wall integrity is lost and cell wall synthesis is halted. 
12376
Ethylene glycol diformate appears as a water-white liquid. More dense than water. May be toxic by ingestion. Used in embalming fluids. 
11715
Bromoacetone appears as a clear colorless liquid turning violet on standing, even in the absence of air, and decomposing to a black resinous mass on long standing. Denser than water and poorly soluble in water. Hence sinks in water. A violent lachrymator--low concentrations are very irritating to the eyes; high concentrations or prolonged exposure at lower concentrations may have adverse health effects. Very toxic by inhalation. Contact with the liquid causes painful burns. Used as a chemical war gas. Bromoacetone is an alpha-bromoketone that is acetone in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by a bromine atom. A poweful lachrymator, it was formerly used as a chemical weapon. It has a role as a lachrymator. It derives from an acetone. 
15615
Dimethylaminopropionitrile is a colorless liquid. Mp: -44.3°C; bp: 171-172°C. Density 0.87 g cm-3 at 20°C). Water-soluble. Used in the manufacture of polyurethane foam. Excessive exposure leads to urologic and neurologic disorders. 
444212
Trans-aconitic acid is the trans-isomer of aconitic acid. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a trans-aconitate(3-). 
121591942
Quetiapine Fumarate is the fumarate salt form of quetiapine, a dibenzothiazepine derivative with antipsychotic property. Quetiapine fumarate antagonizes serotonin activity mediated by 5-HT 1A and 5-HT2 receptors. With a lower affinity, this agent also reversibly binds to dopamine D1 and D2 receptors in the mesolimbic and mesocortical areas of the brain leading to decreased psychotic effects, such as hallucinations and delusions. In addition, quetiapine fumarate also binds to other alpha-1, alpha-2 adrenergic and histamine H1 receptors. 
24781
Hymexazol is a member of the class of isoxazoles carrying hydroxy and methyl substituents at positions 3 and 5 respectively. It is used worldwide as a systemic soil and seed fungicide for the control of diseases caused by Fusarium, Aphanomyces, Pythium, and Corticium spp. in rice, sugarbeet, fodderbeet, vegetables, cucurbits, and ornamentals. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of isoxazoles and a heteroaryl hydroxy compound. 
3446
Gabapentin is a gamma-amino acid that is cyclohexane substituted at position 1 by aminomethyl and carboxymethyl groups. Used for treatment of neuropathic pain and restless legs syndrome. It has a role as an anticonvulsant, a calcium channel blocker, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It derives from a gamma-aminobutyric acid. Gabapentin is a synthetic analogue of the neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid with anticonvulsant activity. Although its exact mechanism of action is unknown, gabapentin appears to inhibit excitatory neuron activity. This agent also exhibits analgesic properties. (NCI04) 
71464610
Arg-Thr-Cys-Cys is a tetrapeptide composed of L-arginine, L-threonine and two L-cysteine units joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-arginine, a L-threonine and a L-cysteine. 
105021
Beta-D-fructofuranose 2,6-bisphosphate is a D-fructofuranose 2,6-bisphosphate with a beta-configuration at the anomeric centre. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a beta-D-fructofuranose. It is a conjugate acid of a beta-D-fructofuranose 2,6-bisphosphate(4-). 
60977
1-(2-Phenylethyl)-4-phenyl-4-acetoxypiperidine is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
3469
2,5-dihydroxybenzoic acid is a dihydroxybenzoic acid having the two hydroxy groups at the 2- and 5-positions. It has a role as a MALDI matrix material, an EC 1.13.11.33 (arachidonate 15-lipoxygenase) inhibitor, a human metabolite, a fungal metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,5-dihydroxybenzoate. 
135408659
Simazine-2-hydroxy is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine that is N,N'-diethyl-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2. It is a metabolite of the herbicide simazine. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine and a heteroaryl hydroxy compound. 
15589
Diethyldichlorosilane appears as a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point 77°F. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Vapors are heavier than air. 
434768
Chalcomoracin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2-arylbenzofuran flavonoids. These are phenylpropanoids containing the 2-phenylbenzofuran moiety. Chalcomoracin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, chalcomoracin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, chalcomoracin can be found in fruits. This makes chalcomoracin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
8705
5-methyl-1H-benzotriazole is a member of the class of benzotriazoles that is 1H-benzotriazole substituted by a methyl group at position 5. It has a role as a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. 
56640146
Dasabuvir is a member of the class of pyrimidone, which is (as the monohydrate of its sodium salt) in combination with ombitasvir, paritaprevir and ritonavir (under the trade name Viekira Pak) for treatment of chronic hepatitis C virus genotype 1 infection as well as cirrhosis of the liver. It has a role as an antiviral drug and a nonnucleoside hepatitis C virus polymerase inhibitor. It is a member of naphthalenes, a sulfonamide, an aromatic ether and a pyrimidone. It derives from a uracil. Dasabuvir is a non-nucleoside inhibitor of the hepatitis C virus (HCV) non-structural protein 5B (NS5B), an RNA-dependent RNA polymerase, with potential activity against HCV. Upon administration and after intracellular uptake, dasabuvir binds HCV NS5B polymerase and blocks viral RNA synthesis and replication. The HCV NS5B protein is essential for the replication of the HCV RNA genome. HCV is a small, enveloped, single-stranded RNA virus belonging to the Flaviviridae family; HCV infection is associated with the development of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). 
62647
Vanadium trichloride appears as a pink crystalline solid. Density 3.00 g / cm3. Irritates skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. 
5237
Fluoroacetic acid appears as a colorless crystalline solid. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. Fluoroacetic acid is a haloacetic acid that is acetic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by fluorine. It has a role as an EC 4.2.1.3 (aconitate hydratase) inhibitor. It is an organofluorine compound and a haloacetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a fluoroacetate. 
5922
Isonicotinic acid is a pyridinemonocarboxylic acid in which the carboxy group is at position 4 of the pyridine ring. It has a role as a human metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an isonicotinate. 
75664
2-Methyl-3-thiophenethiol, also known as 2-methyl-thiopene-3-thiol or 2-methyl-3-mercaptothiophene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. 2-Methyl-3-thiophenethiol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-methyl-3-thiophenethiol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Methyl-3-thiophenethiol exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 2-Methyl-3-thiophenethiol has a medicinal taste. 
94886
2-Hexyl-4, 5-dimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3-dioxolanes. These are organic compounds containing 1, 3-dioxolane, an aliphatic five-member ring with two oxygen atoms in ring positions 1 and 3. 2-Hexyl-4, 5-dimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-hexyl-4, 5-dimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2-Hexyl-4, 5-dimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane has a dairy and fruity taste. 
92946
Ala-Tyr is a dipeptide composed of L-alanine and L-tyrosine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine and a L-tyrosine. 
518710
Vanadium trioxide appears as a black crystalline solid. Density 4.87 g / cm3. Slightly soluble in water. Irritating to skin and eyes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. Used as a catalyst. 
517232
Ammonium carbamate appears as a white crystalline solid used as a fertilizer. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. 
11659
Dibromodichloromethane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as halomethanes. These are organic compounds in which at least one of the four hydrogen atoms of methane (CH4) are replaced by halogen atoms. Dibromodichloromethane has been primarily detected in blood. 
352039
Valyl-leucine, also known as V-L dipeptide or val-leu, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Valyl-leucine is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Valyl-leucine has been primarily detected in feces. 
11153672
Cudratricusxanthone A is a member of the class of xanthones that is 9H-xanthen-9-one substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2, 3, 6 and 8, an isoprenyl group at position 1 and a 2-methylbut-3-en-2-yl group at position 5. It is isolated from the root barks of Cudrania tricuspidata and exhibits cytotoxicity towards human cancer cell lines. It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent, an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a member of xanthones and a polyphenol. 
656446
3-sulfolactic acid is the C-sulfonato derivaive of lactic acid. It derives from a rac-lactic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-sulfonatolactate(2-). 
7843
Butane is a colorless gas with a faint petroleum-like odor. For transportation it may be stenched. It is shipped as a liquefied gas under its vapor pressure. Contact with the liquid can cause frostbite. It is easily ignited. Its vapors are heavier than air. Any leak can be either liquid or vapor. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. It is used as a fuel, an aerosol propellant, in cigarette lighters, and to make other chemicals. Butane is a straight chain alkane composed of 4 carbon atoms. It has a role as a food propellant and a refrigerant. It is a gas molecular entity and an alkane. 
168871
Dihydroergocornine is ergocornine in which a single bond replaces the double bond between positions 9 and 10. It derives from an ergocornine. It derives from a hydride of an ergotaman. 
62341
Phenylethyl acetate, also known as styrallyl acetate or fema 2684, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. Phenylethyl acetate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, phenylethyl acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Phenylethyl acetate exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Phenylethyl acetate is a gardenia, green, and leafy tasting compound that can be found in cloves. This makes phenylethyl acetate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
125245
Spermic acid 1, also known as 2-cesp or spermate 1, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta amino acids and derivatives. These are amino acids having a (-NH2) group attached to the beta carbon atom. Spermic acid 1 is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
586689
4-Ethyl-5-methyl-2-(1-methylethyl)oxazole, also known as 4-ethyl-2-isopropyl-5-methyl-1, 3-oxazole or oxazole, 4-ethyl-2-isopropyl-5-methyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. 4-Ethyl-5-methyl-2-(1-methylethyl)oxazole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-ethyl-5-methyl-2-(1-methylethyl)oxazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 4-ethyl-5-methyl-2-(1-methylethyl)oxazole can be found in cocoa and cocoa products and nuts. This makes 4-ethyl-5-methyl-2-(1-methylethyl)oxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
6659
Methyl 2-chloroacrylate is a colorless liquid. Used to make acrylic high polymer with properties closely resembling those of polymethylmethacrylate. Monomer for specialty polymers (e.g., aircraft glazing). (EPA, 1998) 
736316
D-pipecolic acid is the D-enantiomer of pipecolic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a D-pipecolate. It is an enantiomer of a L-pipecolic acid. 
135403802
Hematein is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is -6a,7-dihydrobenzo[b]indeno[1,2-d]pyran-9-one carrying four hydroxy substituents at positions 3, 4, 6a and 10. It has a role as a histological dye. It is an enol, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a member of phenols, a member of quinomethanes and a tertiary alcohol. 
153909
Tribenuron methyl appears as colorless crystals. Non corrosive. Used as an herbicide. Tribenuron methyl is the methyl ester of tribenuron. It has a role as a herbicide. It is a methoxy-1,3,5-triazine, a N-sulfonylurea and a methyl ester. It derives from a tribenuron. 
6230
Norethisterone is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid that is testosterone in which the hydrogen at position 17 is replaced by an ethynyl group and in which the methyl group attached to position 10 is replaced by hydrogen. It has a role as a synthetic oral contraceptive and a progestin. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a terminal acetylenic compound, a tertiary alcohol and a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. Norethindrone is a synthetic progestational substance with some anabolic, estrogenic, and androgenic properties. Norethindrone binds to the progesterone intracellular receptors in the reproductive system and the resultant activated complex interacts with specific DNA sites. This leads to an alteration in protein synthesis and results in an inhibition of LH release. Consequently, it inhibits ovulation and changes the normal cycle of cervical mucus and endometrium. 
160460
3'-Hydroxyhexobarbital belongs to the class of organic compounds known as barbituric acid derivatives. Barbituric acid derivatives are compounds containing a perhydropyrimidine ring substituted at C-2, -4 and -6 by oxo groups. 3'-Hydroxyhexobarbital is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 3'-Hydroxyhexobarbital has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. 
70140
3-methoxysalicylic acid is benzoic acid substituted with a hydroxy group at position C-2 and a methoxy group at position C-3. It has a role as a metabolite. 
794
3-(imidazol-5-yl)pyruvic acid is an oxo carboxylic acid that is pyruvic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens has been replaced by an imidazol-5-yl group. It is a member of imidazoles, an oxo carboxylic acid and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a pyruvic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-(imidazol-5-yl)pyruvate. 
440194
1D-myo-inositol 3-phosphate is a myo-inositol monophosphate. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a myo-inositol. It is a conjugate acid of a 1D-myo-inositol 3-phosphate(2-). 
189087
N-acetylcadaverine is an N-substituted cadaverine that is cadaverine in which one of the amino groups has been converted to the corresponding acetamide. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a secondary carboxamide, a primary amino compound, a member of acetamides and a N-substituted cadaverine. It derives from a cadaverine. It is a conjugate base of a N-acetylcadaverine(1+). 
24649
Pyrosulfuryl chloride appears as a colorless fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Irritates the eyes and mucous membranes. Corrosive to metals and tissue. 
7965
Cyclohexylamine appears as a clear colorless to yellow liquid with an odor of ammonia. Flash point 90°F. Irritates the eyes and respiratory system. Skin contact may cause burns. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Toxic oxides of nitrogen produced during combustion. Cyclohexylamine is a primary aliphatic amine consisting of cyclohexane carrying an amino substituent. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a cyclohexylammonium. 
57501499
Pentedrone is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
9827599
Indacaterol maleate is a maleate salt obtained by reaction of indacaterol with one equivalent of maleic acid. Used for treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic agonist and a bronchodilator agent. It contains an indacaterol(1+). 
134978
Pterosin F belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indanones. Indanones are compounds containing an indane ring bearing a ketone group. Pterosin F exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, pterosin F is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, pterosin F can be found in green vegetables and root vegetables. This makes pterosin F a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
61130
Myrtenal, also known as fema 3395, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other. Thus, myrtenal is considered to be an isoprenoid lipid molecule. Myrtenal is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, myrtenal is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Myrtenal is a sweet, camphor, and cinnamon tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as herbs and spices, cardamom, coriander, and sunflower. This makes myrtenal a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
5281077
Ethchlorvynol is propargyl alcohol in which the methylene hydrogens are substituted by ethyl and 2-chlorovinyl groups. A hypnotic and sedative, it is used for treatment of insomnia in some cases where an intolerance or allergy to more commonly used drugs exists. It has a role as a sedative. It is a tertiary alcohol, an organochlorine compound, an enyne and a terminal acetylenic compound. Ethchlorvynol is a member of the class of tertiary carbinols with sedative and hypnotic properties. Ethchlorvynol appears to depress the central nervous system by binding at a benzodiazepine-GABA-A-chloride ionophore receptor complex, located in the limbic, thalamic and hypothalamic regions of the central nervous system (CNS). This increases the frequency of chloride channel opening, allowing the flow of chloride ions into the neuron and ultimately leading to membrane hyperpolarization and a decrease in neuronal excitability. 
38386
Tetrabromodiphenyl ethers, also known as toluene, dibromo derivative, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bromodiphenyl ethers. Bromodiphenyl ethers are compounds that contain two benzene groups linked to each other via an ether bond, and where at least one ring is substituted with a bromo group. Tetrabromodiphenyl ethers is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, tetrabromodiphenyl ethers is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
161234
D-ribosylnicotinic acid is a pyridine nucleoside consisting of nicotinic acid with a beta-D-ribofuranosyl moiety at the 1-position. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a nicotinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a D-ribosylnicotinate. 
62832
3-chloro-4-methylphenyl isocyanate appears as a colorless liquid with an acrid odor. Denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
45479834
Metazocine is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
71307087
A strong dicarboxylic acid occurring in many plants and vegetables. It is produced in the body by metabolism of glyoxylic acid or ascorbic acid. It is not metabolized but excreted in the urine. It is used as an analytical reagent and general reducing agent. 
16046101
Azocarmine G is an organic sodium salt having 7-phenyl-5-(4-sulfonatoanilino)benzo[a]phenazin-7-ium-3-sulfonate as the couterion. It has a role as a histological dye. It contains an azocarmine G(1-). 
134561
1, 3-Bis(4-hydroxyphenyl)prop-2-en-1-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as retrochalcones. These are a form of normal chalcones that are structurally distinguished by the lack of oxygen functionalities at the C2'- and C6'-positions. 1, 3-Bis(4-hydroxyphenyl)prop-2-en-1-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
6593
Dichloroacetyl chloride is a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point 151°F Boiling point 107-108°F. Vapors are irritating to the eyes and mucous membranes. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Dichloroacetyl chloride is the acyl chloride obtained by displacement of the hydroxy group of dichloroacetic acid by chloride. It has a role as a hapten. It derives from a dichloroacetic acid. 
2910
Cyclothiazide is 3,4-Dihydro-2H-1,2,4-benzothiadiazine 1,1-dioxide substituted at positions 3, 5 and 6 by a 2-norbornen-5-yl group, chlorine, and a sulfonamide group, respectively. A thiazide diuretic, it has been used in the management of hypertension and oedema. It has a role as a diuretic and an antihypertensive agent. Cyclothiazide is a benzothiadiazide belonging to the class of thiazide diuretics. Cyclothiazide is indicated as adjunctive therapy in edema and in the treatment of hypertension. In addition, this agent is capable of inhibiting rapid desensitization of the ionotropic alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methylisoxazole-4-propionic acid (AMPA)-type glutamate receptors, thereby potentiating glutamate responses which may induce seizures activity. Cyclothiazide was also found to inhibit gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)-A receptors. 
522071
2-Heptanethiol, also known as 2-heptylthiol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. 2-Heptanethiol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-heptanethiol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2-Heptanethiol is an onion, pungent, and skunky tasting compound that can be found in green bell pepper. This makes 2-heptanethiol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
135498233
8-oxoguanine is an oxopurine that is guanine which is substituted by an oxo group at position 8. It is an oxopurine and a member of 2-aminopurines. It derives from a guanine. 
5312
4,6-dioxoheptanoic acid is a dioxo monocarboxylic acid that is heptanoic acid in which oxo groups replace the hydrogens at positions 4 and 6. It is an abnormal metabolite of the tyrosine metabolic pathway and a marker for type 1 tyrosinaemia. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a beta-diketone and a dioxo monocarboxylic acid. 
5288798
(R)-mevalonate is a mevalonate. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a (R)-mevalonic acid. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-mevalonate. 
445127
(3S)-3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA is a 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA where the 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl component has (S)-configuration. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA and a 3-hydroxy fatty acyl-CoA. It is a conjugate acid of a (3S)-3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA(5-). 
160617
Orotidine 5'-phosphate is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate having 6-carboxyuracil as the nucleobase. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an orotidine 5'-phosphate(3-). 
103608
3-(4-Hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl)-1-(2, 4, 6-trihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-en-1-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2'-hydroxychalcones. These are organic compounds containing chalcone skeleton that carries a hydroxyl group at the 2'-position. 3-(4-Hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl)-1-(2, 4, 6-trihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-en-1-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
11483087
5,7,3',5'-tetrahydroxyflavanone is a tetrahydroxyflavanone that is flavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7, 3' and 5' respectively. It has been isolated from Cyperus teneriffae. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a flavanone. 
23665759
Sodium chloroacetate is a white colored powdered solid. It is soluble in water. It may be toxic ingestion or inhalation. It is used to make weed killers, dyes and pharmaceuticals. 
537150
(S)-25-Hydroxy-14, 16-hentriacontanedione belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. Thus, (S)-25-hydroxy-14, 16-hentriacontanedione is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule (S)-25-Hydroxy-14, 16-hentriacontanedione is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule (S)-25-Hydroxy-14, 16-hentriacontanedione has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, (S)-25-hydroxy-14, 16-hentriacontanedione is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (S)-25-hydroxy-14, 16-hentriacontanedione can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes (S)-25-hydroxy-14, 16-hentriacontanedione a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
8026
Ethyl nitrite, solution appears as a clear colorless to yellow liquid with a pleasant odor. Flammable over a wide range of vapor-air concentrations. Flash point -31°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air and narcotic in high concentrations. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 
363980
Asitribin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as annonaceous acetogenins. These are waxy derivatives of fatty acids (usually C32 or C34), containing a terminal carboxylic acid combined with a 2-propanol unit at the C-2 position to form a methyl- substituted alpha, beta-unsaturated-gamma-lactone. One of their interesting structural features is a single, adjacent, or nonadjacent tetrahydrofuran (THF) or tetrahydropyran (THP) system with one or two flanking hydroxyl group(s) at the center of a long hydrocarbon chain. Asitribin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Asitribin has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, asitribin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, asitribin can be found in fruits. This makes asitribin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
3084995
Isoschaftoside is a C-glycosyl compound that is apigenin substituted at positions 6 and 8 by alpha-L-arabinopyranosyl and beta-D-glucosyl residues respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a C-glycosyl compound and a trihydroxyflavone. It derives from an apigenin. 
708857
Pyrantel is a carboxamidine that is 1,4,5,6-tetrahydropyrimidine that is substituted at position 1 by a methyl group and at position 2 by an (E)-2-(2-thienyl)vinyl group. It is used, particularly as the embonate [4,4'-methylenebis(3-hydroxy-2-naphthoate)] salt, as an anthelmintic that is effective against intestinal nematodes including threadworms, roundworms and hookworms, and is included in the WHO 'Model List of Essential Medicines'. It has a role as an antinematodal drug. It is a member of thiophenes, a carboxamidine and a member of 1,4,5,6-tetrahydropyrimidines. 
1988
Acetochlor is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is N-phenylacetamide carrying an ethyl and a methyl group at positions 2 and 6 respectively on the benzene ring while one of the methyl hydrogens as well as the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen atom have been replaced by a chloro and an ethoxymethyl group respectively. It has a role as a herbicide, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, an organochlorine compound and an aromatic amide. It derives from a N-phenylacetamide. 
71034
2-Methoxyxanthone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as xanthones. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a xanthene moiety conjugated to a ketone group at carbon 9. Xanthene is a tricyclic compound made up of two benzene rings linearly fused to each other through a pyran ring. 2-Methoxyxanthone exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2-methoxyxanthone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2-methoxyxanthone can be found in fruits and herbs and spices. This makes 2-methoxyxanthone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
135250
4-Hydroxyphenytoin glucuronide, also known as HPPH glucuronide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenolic glycosides. These are organic compounds containing a phenolic structure attached to a glycosyl moiety. Some examples of phenolic structures include lignans, and flavonoids. Among the sugar units found in natural glycosides are D-glucose, L-Fructose, and L rhamnose. 4-Hydroxyphenytoin glucuronide is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 4-Hydroxyphenytoin glucuronide has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 4-hydroxyphenytoin glucuronide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 4-Hydroxyphenytoin glucuronide and uridine 5'-diphosphate can be biosynthesized from hydroxyphenytoin and uridine diphosphate glucuronic acid; which is catalyzed by the enzymes UDP-glucuronosyltransferase 1-1, UDP-glucuronosyltransferase 1-4, UDP-glucuronosyltransferase 1-6, and UDP-glucuronosyltransferase 1-9. In humans, 4-hydroxyphenytoin glucuronide is involved in the metabolic disorder called the phenytoin (antiarrhythmic) action pathway. 
5282189
Leucomycin V is a macrolide antibiotic produced by Streptomyces kitasatoensis, showing activity against a wide spectrum of pathogens. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a leucomycin and a macrolide antibiotic. 
194566
Apimaysin, also known as 3'-deoxymaysin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavonoid c-glycosides. Flavonoid C-glycosides are compounds containing a carbohydrate moiety which is C-glycosidically linked to the 2-phenylchromen-4-one flavonoid backbone. Apimaysin is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, apimaysin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, apimaysin can be found in cereals and cereal products and corn. This makes apimaysin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
65755
Ceftezole is a first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic having (1,3,4-thiadiazol-2-ylsulfanyl)methyl and [2-(1H-tetrazol-1-yl)acetamido side groups located at positions 3 and 7 respectively. It is a cephalosporin and a member of thiadiazoles. Ceftezole is a semisynthetic first-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Ceftezole binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
62465
4-Ethyl-2-methoxyphenol, also known as 4-ethylguaiacol or 2-methoxy-4-ethylphenol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. 4-Ethyl-2-methoxyphenol exists as a liquid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-ethyl-2-methoxyphenol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 4-Ethyl-2-methoxyphenol exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 4-Ethyl-2-methoxyphenol is a bacon, clove, and phenolic tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as chinese cinnamon, beer, orange bell pepper, and red bell pepper. This makes 4-ethyl-2-methoxyphenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
3083879
Pyrocatechol sulfate is an aryl sulfate that is catechol with one of the two hydroxy groups substituted by a sulfo group. It has a role as a xenobiotic. It is an aryl sulfate and a member of phenols. It derives from a catechol. It is a conjugate acid of a pyrocatechol sulfate(1-). 
133577
N-Desethyloxybutynin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. N-Desethyloxybutynin is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. N-Desethyloxybutynin has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, N-desethyloxybutynin is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
22311
Dipentene appears as a colorless liquid with an odor of lemon. Flash point 113°F. Density about 7.2 lb /gal and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors heavier than air. Used as a solvent for rosin, waxes, rubber; as a dispersing agent for oils, resins, paints, lacquers, varnishes, and in floor waxes and furniture polishes. Limonene is a monoterpene that is cyclohex-1-ene substituted by a methyl group at position 1 and a prop-1-en-2-yl group at position 4 respectively. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a monoterpene and a cycloalkene. It derives from a hydride of a p-menthane. Lemon Oil is the oil extracted from the fruit peel of Citrus limon. Lemon oil is used as a flavoring and for its aromatic qualities. It is also said to have many medicinal purposes. Limonene, (+/-)- is a racemic mixture of limonene, a natural cyclic monoterpene and major component of the oil extracted from citrus rind with chemo-preventive and antitumor activities. The metabolites of DL-limonene, perillic acid, dihydroperillic acid, uroterpenol and limonene 1,2-diol are suggested to inhibit tumor growth through inhibition of p21-dependent signaling, induce apoptosis via the induction of the transforming growth factor beta-signaling pathway, inhibit post-translational modification of signal transduction proteins, result in G1 cell cycle arrest as well as cause differential expression of cell cycle- and apoptosis-related genes. 
61845
3-(Methylthio)butanal, also known as fema 3374, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha-hydrogen aldehydes. These are aldehydes with the general formula HC(H)(R)C(=O)H, where R is an organyl group. 3-(Methylthio)butanal is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3-(methylthio)butanal is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 3-(Methylthio)butanal has a buchu, chip, and green taste. 
439208
Hydroxidodioxidosulfidosulfate(1-) is a thiosulfate(1-). It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a sulfurothioic S-acid. It is a tautomer of a trioxidosulfanidosulfate(1-). 
49867930
RO4929097 is a member of the class of dibenzoazepines that is the amide formed from formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2,2-dimethyl-3-oxo-3-[(2,2,3,3,3-pentafluoropropyl)amino]propanoic acid with the amino group of (7S)-7-amino-5,7-dihydrodibenzo[b,d]azepin-6-one. It has a role as an EC 3.4.23.46 (memapsin 2) inhibitor. It is a dibenzoazepine, a lactam, an organofluorine compound and a dicarboxylic acid diamide. 
24268
Sodium nitrate appears as a white crystalline solid. Noncombustible but accelerates the burning of combustible materials. If large quantities are involved in fire or the combustible material is finely divided an explosion may result. May explode under prolonged exposure to heat or fire. Toxic oxides of nitrogen are produced in fires. Used in solid propellants, explosives, fertilizers, and for many other uses. Sodium nitrate is the inorganic nitrate salt of sodium. It has a role as a fertilizer. It is an inorganic sodium salt and an inorganic nitrate salt. 
7358
Flash point of 137°F. Less dense than water and slightly soluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Used as a solvent and in the manufacture of pharmaceuticals. 
9046
Quinestrol is a 17-hydroxy steroid and a terminal acetylenic compound. It has a role as a xenoestrogen. It derives from a 17beta-estradiol. 
25137938
Albaflavenone is a carbotricyclic compound that is (+)-epi-isozizaene in which the hydrogens at position 5 have been replaced by an oxo group. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a sesquiterpenoid, a carbocyclic antibiotic, a carbotricyclic compound, an enone and a cyclic terpene ketone. It derives from a hydride of a (+)-epi-isozizaene. 
129539
5-(3-(2,6-dichloro-4-(4,5-dihydro-2-oxazolyl)phenoxy)propyl)-3-methyl isoxazole is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenol ethers. These are aromatic compounds containing an ether group substituted with a benzene ring. Known drug targets of 5-(3-(2,6-dichloro-4-(4,5-dihydro-2-oxazolyl)phenoxy)propyl)-3-methyl isoxazole include genome polyprotein. 
441100
DTDP-4-dehydro-2,6-dideoxy-alpha-D-glucose is a dTDP-sugar having 4-dehydro-2,6-dideoxy-alpha-D-glucose as the sugar component. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a dTDP-sugar and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a dTDP-D-glucose. It is a conjugate acid of a dTDP-4-dehydro-2,6-dideoxy-alpha-D-glucose(2-). 
104904
Ecgonine methyl ester is the O-debenzoyl analogue of cocaine. It has a role as a central nervous system depressant, a peripheral nervous system drug, an analgesic, a metabolite, an opioid analgesic and a mouse metabolite. It is a tropane alkaloid, a methyl ester and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from an ecgonine. It is a conjugate base of an ecgoninium methyl ester(1+). 
49864613
Leu-Leu-Asp is a tripeptide composed of two L-leucine units joined to L-aspartic acid by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-leucine and a L-aspartic acid. 
12594
Dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate is a steroid sulfate that is the 3-sulfooxy derivative of dehydroepiandrosterone. It has a role as an EC 2.7.1.33 (pantothenate kinase) inhibitor, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a steroid sulfate and a 17-oxo steroid. It derives from a dehydroepiandrosterone. It is a conjugate acid of a dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate(1-). 
6319
N,n&#39;-diphenyl-p-phenylenediamine appears as gray or dark gray powder or flakes. (NTP, 1992) N,N'-diphenyl-1,4-phenylenediamine is an N-substituted diamine that is 1,4-phenylenediamine in which one hydrogen from each amino group is replaced by a phenyl group. It has a role as an antioxidant. It is a secondary amino compound and a N-substituted diamine. It derives from a p-aminodiphenylamine. 
5702692
C5-oxacyanine is a cyanine dye, an organic iodide salt and a member of 1,3-benzoxazoles. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a C5-oxacyanine cation. 
8005
Butyl chloride appears as a water white liquid with a sharp odor. Flash point 20°F. Boiling point 77-78°C (173°F). Density 7.5 lb / gal. Slightly soluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Used in the manufacture of a variety of organic chemicals. 
575843
Ethyl 3-hydroxydodecanoate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. Ethyl 3-hydroxydodecanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Ethyl 3-hydroxydodecanoate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, ethyl 3-hydroxydodecanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Ethyl 3-hydroxydodecanoate exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
16720
1,5-naphthalenediamine appears as colorless to pale purple crystals or lavender powder. (NTP, 1992) Naphthalene-1,5-diamine is a naphthalenediamine compound having amino substituents in the 1- and 5-positions. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. 
447790
PE(18:0/14:0), also known as PE(32:0), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phosphatidylethanolamines. These are glycerophosphoetahnolamines in which two fatty acids are bonded to the glycerol moiety through ester linkages. Thus, PE(18:0/14:0) is considered to be a glycerophosphoethanolamine lipid molecule. PE(18:0/14:0) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. PE(18:0/14:0) has been found throughout all human tissues, and has also been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, PE(18:0/14:0) is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and intracellular membrane. PE(18:0/14:0) participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Cytidine monophosphate and PE(18:0/14:0) can be biosynthesized from CDP-ethanolamine and DG(18:0/14:0/0:0); which is mediated by the enzyme choline/ethanolaminephosphotransferase. Furthermore, PE(18:0/14:0) can be biosynthesized from PS(18:0/14:0); which is catalyzed by the enzyme phosphatidylserine decarboxylase. Furthermore, PE(18:0/14:0) can be biosynthesized from PS(18:0/14:0); which is catalyzed by the enzyme phosphatidylserine decarboxylase. Finally, Cytidine monophosphate and PE(18:0/14:0) can be biosynthesized from CDP-ethanolamine and DG(18:0/14:0/0:0) through its interaction with the enzyme choline/ethanolaminephosphotransferase. In humans, PE(18:0/14:0) is involved in phosphatidylcholine biosynthesis PC(18:0/14:0) pathway and phosphatidylethanolamine biosynthesis pe(18:0/14:0) pathway. 
11673949
Ascidiathiazone A is an organic heterotricyclic compound, that is 3,4-dihydro-2H-[1,4]thiazino[2,3-g]quinoline-5,10 dione S,S-dioxide substituted at position 7 by a carboxyl group. It is an anti-inflmmatory alkaloid obtained from Aplidium. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a monocarboxylic acid, an alkaloid, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a sulfone and a member of p-quinones. 
134688856
Prednisolone Sodium Phosphate is the sodium phosphate salt form of prednisolone, a synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating properties. As a glucocorticoid receptor agonist, prednisolone sodium phosphate binds to specific intracellular glucocorticoid receptors, and causes the ligand- receptor complex to be translocated to the nucleus where it initiates the transcription of glucocorticoid-responsive genes such as various cytokines and lipocortins. Lipocortins inhibit phospholipase A2, thereby blocking the release of arachidonic acid from membrane phospholipids and preventing the synthesis of prostaglandins and leukotrienes, both potent mediators of inflammation. This agent also decreases the number of circulating lymphocytes, induces cell differentiation, and stimulates apoptosis in sensitive tumor cell populations. 
19005
Zinc carbonate appears as a white crystalline solid or powder that is insoluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat posed to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Used in pharmaceuticals, to make other zinc compounds, as a feed additive. 
9964514
Asp-Ser is a dipeptide composed of L-aspartic acid and L-serine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-aspartic acid and a L-serine. 
10484
Thioacetic acid appears as a clear,yellow liquid with a strong, unpleasant odor. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Irritating to skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. Ethanethioic S-acid is a thioacetic acid that is acetic acid in which the oxygen atom of the hydroxy group has been replaced by a sulfur atom. It is a tautomer of an ethanethioic O-acid. 
439179
UDP-D-Xylose, also known as UDP xylose or UDP-alpha, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrimidine ribonucleoside diphosphates. These are pyrimidine ribonucleotides with diphosphate group linked to the ribose moiety. UDP-D-Xylose exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). UDP-D-Xylose has been found throughout all human tissues. Within the cell, UDP-D-xylose is primarily located in the endoplasmic reticulum, golgi, mitochondria and cytoplasm. UDP-D-Xylose can be biosynthesized from uridine diphosphate glucuronic acid; which is catalyzed by the enzyme UDP-glucuronic acid decarboxylase 1. In humans, UDP-D-xylose is involved in the nucleotide sugars metabolism pathway. UDP-D-Xylose is also involved in a couple of metabolic disorders, which include the galactosemia II (galk) pathway and the galactosemia III pathway. 
5280353
Biliverdin is a linear tetrapyrrole produced in the reticuloendothelial system by the first step of heme degradation, catalysed by heme oxygenase. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a biliverdin(2-). 
435458
Tetraphyllin b sulfate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyanogenic glycosides. These are glycosides in which the aglycone moiety contains a cyanide group. Tetraphyllin b sulfate is soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, tetraphyllin b sulfate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, tetraphyllin b sulfate can be found in fruits. This makes tetraphyllin b sulfate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
9700
DTMP is the neutral species of thymidine 5'-monophosphate (2'-deoxythymidine 5'-monophosphate). It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a dTMP(-). It is an enantiomer of a 1-(2-deoxy-5-O-phosphono-beta-L-ribofuranosyl)thymine. 
480774
Glabrene belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyranoisoflavonoids. These are isoflavonoids that contain a pyran ring fused to either of the A, B, or C ring of the isoflavonoid skeleton. Glabrene exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, glabrene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, glabrene can be found in herbs and spices and tea. This makes glabrene a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
420556
Dimethyloxirane-2-carboxylic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxirane carboxylic acids. Oxirane carboxylic acids are compounds containing an oxirane ring bearing a carboxylic acid group. Dimethyloxirane-2-carboxylic acid is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
182622
3-(1, 1-Dimethylallyl)herniarin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as coumarins and derivatives. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a 1-benzopyran moiety with a ketone group at the C2 carbon atom (1-benzopyran-2-one). 3-(1, 1-Dimethylallyl)herniarin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 3-(1, 1-dimethylallyl)herniarin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 3-(1, 1-dimethylallyl)herniarin can be found in herbs and spices. This makes 3-(1, 1-dimethylallyl)herniarin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
5287547
6-methylpurine is purine bearing a methyl substituent at position 6. It has a role as an EC 2.4.2.1 (purine-nucleoside phosphorylase) inhibitor. 
56329
Cilazapril monohydrate is a hydrate that is the monohydrate of cilazapril. It is used for the treatment of hypertension and heart failure. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor and a prodrug. It contains a cilazapril. Cilazapril Monohydrate is a pyridazine angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. As a prodrug, cilazapril is rapidly metabolized in the liver to cilazaprilat; cilazaprilat competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II, resulting in vasodilation. Cilazaprilat also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
19379894
Geranyl diphosphate(3-) is trianion of geranyl diphosphate arising from deprotonation of the three OH groups of the diphosphate; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a geranyl diphosphate. 
5282074
2'-hydroxygenistein is a hydroxyisoflavone that is genistein substituted by an additional hydroxy group at position 2'. It has been isolated from Crotalaria lachnophora. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a genistein. It is a conjugate acid of a 2'-hydroxygenistein(1-). 
1680
Orientanol b belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pterocarpans. These are benzo-pyrano-furano-benzene compounds, containing the 6H-[1]benzofuro[3, 2-c]chromene skeleton. They are derivatives of isoflavonoids. Orientanol b is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, orientanol b is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, orientanol b can be found in green vegetables. This makes orientanol b a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
439337
Pentanoyl-CoA belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 3, 4-saturated fatty acyl coas. These are acyl-CoAs carrying a 2, 3, 4-saturated fatty acyl chain. Pentanoyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Pentanoyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, pentanoyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Pentanoyl-CoA can be biosynthesized from 3-hydroxyvalproic acid CoA through its interaction with the enzyme trifunctional enzyme, mitochondrial. In humans, pentanoyl-CoA is involved in the valproic Acid metabolism pathway. 
24610
Cobaltous bromide is a red violet crystalline solid. It is soluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used as a catalyst in the production of other chemicals. 
643988
6'-Sialyllactosamine, also known as 6'-sln, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acylneuraminic acids. These are neuraminic acids carrying an N-acyl substituent. 6'-Sialyllactosamine is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 6'-sialyllactosamine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
142770
11-Eicosenoic acid, also known as 11-eicosenoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 13 and 21 carbon atoms. 11-Eicosenoic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 11-Eicosenoic acid has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces, saliva, and urine. Within the cell, 11-eicosenoic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. Outside of the human body, 11-eicosenoic acid can be found in italian sweet red pepper and peanut. This makes 11-eicosenoic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
443439
Cyclo(DeltaAla-L-Val) is a 2,5-diketopiperazine where the substituents are methylidene and (S)-isopropyl at positions 3 and 6 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. 
5270
9-(tetrahydrofuryl)adenine is a nucleoside analogue that is adenine in which the nitrogen at position 9 has been substituted by a tetrahydrofuran-2-yl group. It is an adenylate cyclase inhibitor. It has a role as an EC 4.6.1.1 (adenylate cyclase) inhibitor. It is a nucleoside analogue and a member of oxolanes. It derives from an adenine. 
3744
3-(1H-indol-3-yl)propanoic acid is an indol-3-yl carboxylic acid that is propionic acid substituted by a 1H-indol-3-yl group at position 3. It has a role as an auxin, a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-(1H-indol-3-yl)propanoate. 
107712
Homocysteine thiolactone, also known as ( -)-3-amino-2-thiolanon, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids and derivatives. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon), or a derivative thereof. Homocysteine thiolactone is soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Homocysteine thiolactone has been primarily detected in blood. 
135442972
Meso-tetrakis(N-methyl-4-pyridyl)porphine tetrakis(p-toluenesulfonate) is an organosulfonate salt that is the tetrakis(p-toluenesulfonate) salt of meso-tetrakis(N-methyl-4-pyridyl)porphine. It has a role as an EC 2.7.7.49 (RNA-directed DNA polymerase) inhibitor, an angiogenesis inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and a photosensitizing agent. It contains a meso-tetrakis(N-methyl-4-pyridyl)porphine(4+). 
122797
4'-demethylepipodophyllotoxin is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is the 9- epimer of 4'-demethylpodophyllotoxin. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a furonaphthodioxole, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a member of phenols. 
5474441
Trans-anol is a phenylpropanoid that is phenol substituted at position 4 by a prop-1-enyl group (the trans-isomer) It is a phenylpropanoid and a member of phenols. It derives from a phenol. 
326996
Squamolone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrrolidinecarboxamides. These are pyrrolidines in which the pyrrolidine rings is substituted at one or more positions by a carboxamide group. Pyrrolidine is a five-membered saturated aliphatic heterocycle with one nitrogen atom and four carbon atoms. Squamolone exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, squamolone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, squamolone can be found in fruits. This makes squamolone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
123976
(25R)-cholest-5-ene-3beta,26-diol is a 26-hydroxycholesterol in which the 25-position has R-configuration. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, a neuroprotective agent, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a cholesterol. 
24259
Dinitrosobenzene appears as a yellow crystalline solid. Soluble in benzene. Toxic by inhalation and ingestion skin absorption. A strong irritant. Primary hazard is fire with a minor blast or projection hazard, but not a mass explosion hazard. May explode under prolonged exposure to heat or fire. 
61
2,3-bisphosphoglyceric acid is a bisphosphoglyceric acid that is glyceric acid carrying two phospho substituents at positions 2 and 3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a tetronic acid derivative and a bisphosphoglyceric acid. It derives from a glyceric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,3-bisphosphoglycerate. 
131714458
Cefdinir is a semi-synthetic cephalosporin and a beta-lactam antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cefdinir's effect is dependent on its binding to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located in the bacterial cytoplasmic membrane. Binding results in the inhibition of the transpeptidase enzymes, thereby preventing cross-linking of the pentaglycine bridge with the fourth residue of the pentapeptide and interrupting consequent synthesis of peptidoglycan chains. As a result, cefdinir inhibits bacterial septum and cell wall synthesis formation. 
93228
Fluoroimide is a maleimide that is substituted at positions 3 and 4 by chlorines and on the nitrogen by a p-fluorophenyl group. Previously used as a fungicide (now obsolete). It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is an organofluorine pesticide, a member of maleimides, an organochlorine pesticide, a dicarboximide fungicide and a member of monofluorobenzenes. 
151004
Pro-Arg is a dipeptide formed from L-proline and L-arginine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-proline and a L-asparagine. 
73400
Dauricine is a bisbenzylisoquinoline alkaloid resulting from the formal oxidative dimerisation of 4-{[(1R)-6,7-dimethoxy-2-methyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinolin-1-yl]methyl}phenol by attachment of the phenolic oxygen of one molecule to the benzene ring of the second (ortho to the phenolic hydroxy group of the latter). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a tertiary amino compound, a member of phenols, an aromatic ether, a member of isoquinolines and a bisbenzylisoquinoline alkaloid. 
100450
MS 3, also known as glyoxalase i or amsacrine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as depsides and depsidones. These are polycyclic compounds that is either a polyphenolic compound composed of two or more monocyclic aromatic units linked by an ester bond (depside), or a compound containing the depsidone structure (depsidone). MS 3 exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, MS 3 is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, MS 3 can be found in mushrooms. This makes MS 3 a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
258533
Beta-indol-3-yl-glucoside is this compound belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-glycosyl compounds. These are glycoside in which a sugar group is bonded through one carbon to another group via a O-glycosidic bond. It is a glycoside and a member of indoles. 
12331
Iso heptyl alcohol appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals, as a solvent, and in cosmetic formulations. 
71464519
Ala-Leu-Leu-Thr is a tetrapeptide composed of L-alanine, two L-leucine units, and L-threonine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine, a L-leucine and a L-threonine. 
68666
Cefcanel is a semisynthetic third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Cefcanel binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
13187
Nonan-2-one is a methyl ketone that is nonane in which the methylene hydrogens at position 2 are replaced by an oxo group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a nonane. 
118753574
Cyclosporin A metabolite M26 is a cyclosporin A derivative that is cyclosporin A in which residue 9 (N-methylleucine) has been hydroxylated at the carbon bearing the two methyl groups and in which residue 1 [(2S,3R,4R,6E)-3-hydroxy-4-methyl-2-(methylamino)oct-6-enoic acid] has been hydroxylated at position 8 while the hydroxy group at position 3 has undergone addition to the double bond to give the corresponding oxolane. It has a role as a drug metabolite. It is a cyclosporin A derivative, a member of oxolanes and a tertiary alcohol. It derives from a cyclosporin A metabolite M8. 
480783
5,7,4'-trihydroxy-6,8-diprenylisoflavone is a member of the class of 7-hydroxyisoflavones that is genistein substituted by prenyl groups at positions 6 and 8. It has been isolated from Derris scandens and Glycyrrhiza uralensis. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It derives from a genistein. 
196827
Lychnostatin 2 is a germacranolide isolated from Lychnophora antillana and has been shown to exhibit antineoplastic activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is an acetate ester, a cyclic ketone and a germacranolide. 
6437063
All-trans-4-oxoretinoic acid is a retinoid that consists of all-trans-retinoic acid bearing an oxo substituent at position 4 on the cyclohexenyl ring. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a retinoid and an enone. It derives from an all-trans-retinoic acid. 
107647
Fluorocitric acid, also known as fluorocitrate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tricarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are carboxylic acids containing exactly three carboxyl groups. Fluorocitric acid is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, fluorocitric acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
11747
Pentane-2,3-dione is an alpha-diketone that is pentane substituted at the 2- and 3-positions by oxo groups. It has a role as a flavouring agent. It is an alpha-diketone and a methyl ketone. It derives from a hydride of a pentane. 
61467
3-Hexenyl 2-methylbutyrate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. 3-Hexenyl 2-methylbutyrate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 3-Hexenyl 2-methylbutyrate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3-hexenyl 2-methylbutyrate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 3-Hexenyl 2-methylbutyrate has a sweet, apple, and fresh taste. 
26179
2-Propanoylthiophene, also known as ethyl 2-thienyl ketone or 1-(2-thienyl)propanone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. 2-Propanoylthiophene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-propanoylthiophene is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Propanoylthiophene has a caramel and creamy taste. 
98356
Marindinin, also known as 7, 8-dihydrokavain, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as kavalactones. These are lactones, which is structurally characterized by a benzene ring and a pyranone moiety, linked to each other to form a 4-methoxy-6-(2-phenylethyl)-2H-pyran-2-one skeleton. Marindinin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, marindinin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, marindinin can be found in beverages. This makes marindinin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
636555
Neopellitorine a belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acyl amines. N-acyl amines are compounds containing a fatty acid moiety linked to an amine group through an ester linkage. Thus, neopellitorine a is considered to be a fatty amide lipid molecule. Neopellitorine a is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Neopellitorine a has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, neopellitorine a is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, neopellitorine a can be found in herbs and spices. This makes neopellitorine a a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
444693
Ethanolaminium(1+) is a primary aliphatic ammonium ion that is the conjugate acid of ethanolamine arising from protonation of the primary amino function. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an ethanolamine. 
637098
(2R,3R)-trans-delta-viniferin is a stilbenoid that is the (2R,3R)-trans-stereoisomer of delta-viniferin, obtained by cyclodimerisation of trans-resveratrol. It is a member of 1-benzofurans, a polyphenol and a stilbenoid. It derives from a trans-resveratrol. It is an enantiomer of a (2S,3S)-trans-delta-viniferin. 
9803310
Eburicol is a tetracyclic triterpenoid that is 24,25-dihydrolanosterol carrying an additional methylene substituent at position 24. A natural product found in Taiwanofungus camphoratus. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is a 3beta-sterol, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a 14alpha-methyl steroid. It derives from a 24,25-dihydrolanosterol. 
166450
Buccoxime belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketoximes. These are organic compounds with the general formula RC(R')=NOH (R, R' = organyl). Buccoxime is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, buccoxime is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Buccoxime has a buchu, clean, and fresh taste. 
61516
3-Methyl-1-phenyl-3-pentanol, also known as 1-phenyl-3-methyl-3-pentanol or a-ethyl-a-methylbenzenepropanol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. 3-Methyl-1-phenyl-3-pentanol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3-methyl-1-phenyl-3-pentanol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 3-Methyl-1-phenyl-3-pentanol has a sweet, anisic, and cayloxol taste. 
4381
N-Methyl-1-deoxynojirimycin, also known as N-methylmoranolin or mednj, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as piperidines. Piperidines are compounds containing a piperidine ring, which is a saturated aliphatic six-member ring with one nitrogen atom and five carbon atoms. N-Methyl-1-deoxynojirimycin exists as a solid, very soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, N-methyl-1-deoxynojirimycin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, N-methyl-1-deoxynojirimycin can be found in fruits. This makes N-methyl-1-deoxynojirimycin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
7531
2-Methyl-1-phenyl-2-propanol, also known as 1, 1-dimethyl-2-phenyl-ethanol or benzyl dimethyl carbinol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. 2-Methyl-1-phenyl-2-propanol exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-methyl-1-phenyl-2-propanol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Methyl-1-phenyl-2-propanol is a bitter, clean, and cortex tasting compound that can be found in cocoa and cocoa products. This makes 2-methyl-1-phenyl-2-propanol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
13140
Acrylyl chloride appears as a liquid. Boiling point 75°C. Used to make plastics. Polymerization in a closed container can cause pressurization and explosive rupture. (EPA, 1998) 
148710
Pterosin N belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indanones. Indanones are compounds containing an indane ring bearing a ketone group. Pterosin N exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, pterosin N is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, pterosin N can be found in green vegetables and root vegetables. This makes pterosin N a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
37482
11-Hydroxy-delta-9-THC, also known as 11-hydroxy-Δ-9-thc, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 2-dimethyl-1-benzopyrans. These are organic compounds containing a 1-benzopyran moiety that carries two methyl groups at the 2-position. 11-Hydroxy-delta-9-THC is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 11-Hydroxy-delta-9-THC has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 11-hydroxy-delta-9-THC is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
656612
Transfluthrin is a carboxylic ester obtained by formal condensation of 3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylic acid and 2,3,5,6-tetrafluorobenzyl alcohol. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide. It is a carboxylic ester, a member of cyclopropanes, an organochlorine compound and an organofluorine compound. It derives from a 3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylic acid. 
171055
5-oxo-2(5H)-Isoxazolepropanenitrile, also known as 2-(2-cyanoethyl)-3-isoxazolin-5-one or 4-methoxylonchocarpin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isoxazoles. These are heterocyclic organic compounds containing an isoxazole moiety, with a structure characterized by a five-member aromatic ring with one oxygen atom and one nitrogen atom at ring positions 1 and 2, respectively. 5-oxo-2(5H)-Isoxazolepropanenitrile is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 5-oxo-2(5H)-isoxazolepropanenitrile is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 5-oxo-2(5H)-isoxazolepropanenitrile can be found in common pea and pulses. This makes 5-oxo-2(5H)-isoxazolepropanenitrile a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
443247
5-diphospho-1D-myo-inositol pentakisphosphate is a myo-inositol pentakisphosphate that consists of 1D-myo-inositol having the five phospho groups located at positions 1, 2, 3, 4 and 6 as well as a diphospho group at position 5. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a myo-inositol. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-diphospho-1D-myo-inositol pentakisphosphate(13-). 
216210
Dabigatran is an aromatic amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-{[(4-carbamimidoylphenyl)amino]methyl}-1-methyl-1H-benzimidazole-5-carboxylic acid with the secondary amoino group of N-pyridin-2-yl-beta-alanine. The active metabolite of the prodrug dabigatran etexilate, it acts as an anticoagulant which is used for the prevention of stroke and systemic embolism. It has a role as an anticoagulant, an EC 3.4.21.5 (thrombin) inhibitor and an EC 1.10.99.2 [ribosyldihydronicotinamide dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor. It is an aromatic amide, a member of benzimidazoles, a carboxamidine, a member of pyridines and a beta-alanine derivative. 
6388
1-chloro-1,1-difluoroethane appears as a colorless, odorless gas shipped as a liquid under own vapor pressure. Contact with the unconfined liquid may cause frostbite by evaporative cooling. Easily ignited. Vapors heavier than air. A leak may be either liquid or vapor. May asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat may cause the containers to violently rupture and rocket. 
49791964
L-histidinol phosphate(1-) is conjugate base of L-histidinol phosphate having an anionic phosphate and a catoinic amino group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a L-histidinol phosphate. 
6116
Calcium acetate is the calcium salt of acetic acid. It is used, commonly as a hydrate, to treat hyperphosphataemia (excess phosphate in the blood) in patients with kidney disease: the calcium ion combines with dietary phosphate to form (insoluble) calcium phosphate, which is excreted in the faeces. It has a role as a chelator. It contains an acetate. Calcium Acetate is a calcium salt of acetic acid. Calcium is a mineral essential for many cellular functions including nerve impulse transmission, muscle contraction, cardiac function, bone formation, and capillary and cell membrane permeability. Calcium acetate is administered orally to prevent or treat calcium deficiency and to treat hyperphosphatemia due to its phosphate-binding properties. 
69194
2-tolyl isocyanate is an isocyanate comprising a benzene core with isocyanato- and methyl substituents ortho to each other. It has a role as a hapten. It is a member of isocyanates and a member of toluenes. 
439357
Alpha-D-galactose is d-Galactopyranose having alpha-configuration at the anomeric centre. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is an enantiomer of an alpha-L-galactose. 
189151
Cepharadione b belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4, 5-dioxoaporphines. These are alkaloids that contains the tetracyclic aporphine skeleton with two C=O groups at the 4- and 5-positions. Cepharadione b exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, cepharadione b is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, cepharadione b can be found in herbs and spices. This makes cepharadione b a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
145068
Nitric oxide appears as a colorless gas. Noncombustible but accelerates the burning of combustible material. Vapors heavier than air. Very toxic by inhalation and skin absorption. Heating the containers may cause them to rupture violently and rocket. Nitric oxide is a nitrogen oxide which is a free radical, each molecule of which consists of one nitrogen and one oxygen atom. It has a role as a neurotransmitter, a signalling molecule, a vasodilator agent, a bronchodilator agent, a radical scavenger, a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a nitrogen oxide, an inorganic radical, a member of reactive nitrogen species and a member of reactive oxygen species. Nitric Oxide is an unstable free-radical gas which reacts rapidly with oxygen to form nitrogen oxides. Water soluble, NO is produced normally in numerous tissues and is considered to be a mediator of cell-to cell communication; it functions in numerous processes including vasodilation, inflammation, and neurotransmission. (NCI04) 
3036746
Quinidine is an alkaloid extracted from the bark of the Cinchona tree with class 1A antiarrhythmic and antimalarial effects. Quinidine stabilizes the neuronal membrane by binding to and inhibiting voltage-gated sodium channels, thereby inhibiting the sodium influx required for the initiation and conduction of impulses resulting in an increase of the threshold for excitation and decreased depolarization during phase 0 of the action potential. In addition, the effective refractory period (ERP), action potential duration (APD), and ERP/APD ratios are increased, resulting in decreased conduction velocity of nerve impulses. Quinidine exerts its antimalarial activity by acting primarily as an intra-erythrocytic schizonticide through association with the heme polymer (hemazoin) in the acidic food vacuole of the parasite thereby preventing further polymerization by heme polymerase enzyme. This results in accumulation of toxic heme and death of the parasite. 
10467
Icosanoic acid is a C20 striaght-chain saturated fatty acid which forms a minor constituent of peanut (L. arachis) and corn oils. Used as an organic thin film in the production of liquid crystals for a wide variety of technical applications. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of an icosanoate. Arachidic Acid is a saturated long-chain fatty acid with a 20-carbon backbone. Arachidic acid is found naturally as a minor component of peanut oil. 
61019
This liquid peroxide is sensitive to heat. Storage of this material must be done so with stringent temperature control measures. Its explosion hazard is also mitigated by mixing the peroxide with an inert solid. 
125094
2-methylerythritol is a tetritol that is erythritol substituted by a methyl group at position 2. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from an erythritol. 
95640
2-Methyl-3-phenylpropan-1-ol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. 2-Methyl-3-phenylpropan-1-ol is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). 
85520
Methionyl butyrate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Methionyl butyrate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Methionyl butyrate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, methionyl butyrate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Methionyl butyrate has a cabbage and sulfurous taste. 
122812
Gynocardin, also known as kcs-5ca, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyanogenic glycosides. These are glycosides in which the aglycone moiety contains a cyanide group. Gynocardin exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, gynocardin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, gynocardin can be found in fruits and rowal. This makes gynocardin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
92570
Isopentyl 3-methyl-2-butenoate, also known as isoamyl senecioate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Isopentyl 3-methyl-2-butenoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Isopentyl 3-methyl-2-butenoate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, isopentyl 3-methyl-2-butenoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
8302
Hexafluoropropylene is an odorless, colorless gas. It is noncombustible. It can asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Exposure of the container to prolonged heat or fire can cause it to rupture violently and rocket. 
6437
Sarmentogenin is a member of the class of cardenolides that is 5beta-card-20(22)-enolide which is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 3beta, 11alpha, and 14beta positions. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, an 11alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 14beta-hydroxy steroid and a member of cardenolides. It derives from a hydride of a 5beta-cardanolide. 
134716600
Hapalindole is any member of large group of hapalindole-type alkaloids that are bioactive metabolites of the Subsection V (formerly order Stigonematales)in the phylum Cyanobacteria which have either a tetracyclic structure based on 10-isocyano-6,6,9-trimethyl-9-vinyl-2,6,6a,7,8,9,10,10a-octahydronaphtho[1,2,3-cd]indole, or a tricyclic structure resulting from the cleavage of the bond linking the indole ring to the dimethyl-substituted carbon. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 
546103
Acetyl-t2 toxin, also known as 3-acetyl t-2 or T-2 acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trichothecenes. These are sesquiterpene mycotoxins structurally characterized by the presence of an epoxide ring and a benzopyran derivative with a variant number of hydroxyl, acetyl, or other substituents. The most important structural features causing the biological activities of trichothecenes are the 12, 13-epoxy ring, the presence of hydroxyl or acetyl groups at appropriate positions on the trichothecene nucleus and the structure and position of the side-chain. Acetyl-t2 toxin is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, acetyl-t2 toxin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
70284
2-(4-methyl-1-piperazinyl)ethanamine is a N-alkylpiperazine that is piperazine substituted by a methyl and a 2-aminoethyl group at the N atoms respectively. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
7410
Acetophenone appears as a colorless liquid with a sweet pungent taste and odor resembling the odor of oranges. Freezes under cool conditions. Slightly soluble in water and denser than water. Hence sinks in water. Vapor heavier than air. A mild irritant to skin and eyes. Vapors can be narcotic in high concentrations. Used as a flavoring, solvent, and polymerization catalyst. Acetophenone is a methyl ketone that is acetone in which one of the methyl groups has been replaced by a phenyl group. It has a role as a photosensitizing agent, an animal metabolite and a xenobiotic. 
7934
M-toluidine appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point below 200°F. Vapors heavier than air. Toxic by inhalation, ingestion, and skin absorption in high concentrations or under prolonged exposures. Used in the manufacture of organic chemicals. Density about 8 lb / gal. 
86962
2-oxopimelic acid is an oxo dicarboxylic acid that is pimelic acid carrying a single oxo substituent at position 2. It derives from a pimelic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-oxopimelate(2-). 
11873
3,5-dinitrosalicylic acid is a monohydroxybenzoic acid consisting of 2-hydroxybenzoic acid having nitro substituents at the 3- and 5-positions. It is used in colorimetric testing for the presence of free carbonyl groups (C=O) in reducing sugars. It has a role as a hapten. It is a C-nitro compound and a monohydroxybenzoic acid. It derives from a salicylic acid. 
557497
5-methyl-imidazole-2-carboxylic acid is an imidazolyl carboxylic acid that is 1H-imidazole with methyl and carboxylic acid group substituents at positions 5 and 2 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. 
7268
Ethyl oxalate appears as a colorless liquid. Slightly denser than water and insoluble in water. Hence sinks in water. May irritate skin and mucous membranes; may be mildly toxic by ingestion; may emit irritating fumes in a fire. Vapors are much heavier than air. Used as a solvent for plastics and in the manufacture of perfumes and pharmaceuticals. 
115074
12-Hydroxyicosanoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 13 and 21 carbon atoms. 12-Hydroxyicosanoic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 12-Hydroxyicosanoic acid has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 12-hydroxyicosanoic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. 
30165
Iodide is a halide anion and a monoatomic iodine. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a hydrogen iodide. 
6124
N-nitrosodimethylamine is a yellow oily liquid with a faint characteristic odor. Boiling point 151-153°C. Can reasonably be expected to be a carcinogen. Used as an antioxidant, as an additive for lubricants and as a softener of copolymers. An intermediate in 1,1-dimethylhydrazine production. N-nitrosodimethylamine is a nitrosamine. It has a role as a mutagen. N-Nitrosodimethylamine is a volatile, combustible, yellow, oily liquid nitrosamine with a faint characteristic odor that decomposes when exposed to light and emits toxic fumes of nitrogen oxides when heated to decomposition. N-Nitrosodimethylamine is primarily used in laboratory research to induce tumors in experimental animals. This substance may be formed during the cooking of foods, especially cured meats and fish, that contain sodium nitrite as a preservative, but is also found in several vegetables, cheeses, alcoholic beverages and fruits, and as a contaminant in rubber products. Exposure to NNitrosodimethylamine irritates the skin and eyes and damages the liver. This substance is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
5459802
L-dopachrome is the L-enantiomer of dopachrome. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a L-dopachromate. It is an enantiomer of a D-dopachrome. 
5282184
Ethyl linoleate is a long-chain fatty acid ethyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of linoleic acid with the hydroxy group of ethanol. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. It derives from a linoleic acid. 
62908
Methyl DL-leucate, also known as fema 3706, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Methyl DL-leucate is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Methyl DL-leucate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, methyl DL-leucate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Methyl DL-leucate has a sweet, fruity, and musty taste. 
78126
2-Phenylethanethiol, also known as b-phenylethylmercaptan or benzeneethanethiol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. 2-Phenylethanethiol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-phenylethanethiol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2-Phenylethanethiol has a rubber taste. 
186702
(1R, 2R, 4S)-p-Menthane-1, 2, 8-triol, also known as HPMCD compound, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes (1R, 2R, 4S)-p-Menthane-1, 2, 8-triol exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (1R, 2R, 4S)-p-menthane-1, 2, 8-triol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (1R, 2R, 4S)-p-menthane-1, 2, 8-triol can be found in fats and oils and herbs and spices. This makes (1R, 2R, 4S)-p-menthane-1, 2, 8-triol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
5284631
Trospium chloride is an organic chloride salt of trospium. It is an antispasmodic drug used for the treatment of overactive bladder. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and an antispasmodic drug. It is an organic chloride salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. It contains a trospium. 
33565
Triforine appears as colorless crystals. Non corrosive. Used as a fungicide. Triforine is a member of the class of N-alkylpiperazines in which the two amino groups of piperazine are replaced by 1-formamido-2,2,2-trichloroethyl groups. A fungicide active against a range of diseases including powdery mildew, scab and rust. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor, an allergen and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a N-alkylpiperazine, a member of formamides, an organochlorine compound and an amide fungicide. 
69411
Diethylene glycol diacetate is an acetate ester that is the diacetate obtained by the formal condensation of the two hydroxy groups of diethylene glycol with two molecules of acetic acid respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a diethylene glycol. 
5281801
Orobol is a member of the class of 7-hydroxyisoflavones which consists of isoflavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7, 3' and 4'. It has been isolated from the mycelia of Cordyceps sinensis. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, a radical scavenger, a plant metabolite and a fungal metabolite. It derives from an isoflavone. 
154718
5-Sulfoxymethylfurfural, also known as 5-smf, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl-aldehydes. Aryl-aldehydes are compounds containing an aldehyde group directly attached to an aromatic ring. 5-Sulfoxymethylfurfural is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
276280
3, 4, 5-Trimethoxyphenyl acetate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol esters. These are aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring substituted by a hydroxyl group and an ester group. 3, 4, 5-Trimethoxyphenyl acetate exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 3, 4, 5-trimethoxyphenyl acetate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
108764
2, 5-Dimethyl-3-furanthiol acetate, also known as S-(2, 5-dimethyl-3-furyl) ethanethioate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. 2, 5-Dimethyl-3-furanthiol acetate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 5-dimethyl-3-furanthiol acetate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2, 5-Dimethyl-3-furanthiol acetate has a floral and fruity taste. 
461
O-palmitoylcarnitine is an O-acylcarnitine having palmitoyl (hexadecanoyl) as the acyl substituent. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
93081
Beta-cubebene is a tricyclic sesquiterpene, a constituent of the leaf oil cubebene obtained from a variety of species of flowering plant. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a sesquiterpene and a carbotricyclic compound. 
11610
N-heptene appears as a colorless liquid. Insoluble in water and much less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals. 
10889
Palmityl palmitate is a palmitate ester resulting from the formal condensation of palmitic acid with palmityl alcohol. It is used as a thickener and emollient in cosmetics. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a hexadecan-1-ol. 
15592253
UDP-alpha-D-galacturonic acid is an UDP-D-galacturonic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from an alpha-D-galacturonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an UDP-alpha-D-galacturonate(3-). 
10267
Beta-D-fructofuranose 1,6-bisphosphate is a D-fructofuranose 1,6-bisphosphate with a beta-configuration at the anomeric position. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a beta-D-fructofuranose. It is a conjugate acid of a beta-D-fructofuranose 1,6-bisphosphate(4-). 
3423265
Dodecyl sulfate, [sodium salt] appears as white to pale yellow paste or liquid with a mild odor. Sinks and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) Sodium dodecyl sulfate is an organic sodium salt that is the sodium salt of dodecyl hydrogen sulfate. It has a role as a detergent and a protein denaturant. It contains a dodecyl sulfate. 
5287939
Cholesteryl linoleate is the (9Z,12Z)-stereoisomer of cholesteryl octadeca-9,12-dienoate. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a linoleic acid. 
122850
(+)-dihydrokaempferol is a tetrahydroxyflavanone having hydroxy groupa at the 3-, 4'-, 5- and 7-positions. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a tetrahydroxyflavanone, a member of dihydroflavonols, a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from a kaempferol. It is a conjugate acid of a (+)-dihydrokaempferol 7-oxoanion. 
62336
2-Phenylpropionaldehyde dimethyl acetal belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. 2-Phenylpropionaldehyde dimethyl acetal is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-phenylpropionaldehyde dimethyl acetal is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Phenylpropionaldehyde dimethyl acetal has a walnut taste. 
3316
Exalamide is an arenecarboxamide that is salicylamide in which the phenolic hydroxy group has been converted into the corresponding hexyl ether. It has been used as a topical antifungal agent. It has a role as an antifungal agent. It is an arenecarboxamide and an aromatic ether. It derives from a salicylamide. Exalamide is a synthetic antifungal and antibacterial agent used as a topical preparation. 
8288
Ambenonium chloride is a symmetrical oxalamide-based bis-quaternary ammonium salt having ethyl and 2-chlorobenzyl groups attached to the nitrogens. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and a neurotransmitter agent. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an organic chloride salt. Ambenonium Chloride is the chloride salt form of ambenonium, a quaternary ammonium compound with parasympathomimetic activity. Ambenonium chloride is a rapid indirect-acting cholinergic agonist that reversibly blocks the activity of acetylcholinesterase, thereby prevents acetylcholine hydrolysis and prolonging its activity on nicotinic receptors at the neuromuscular junction. 
91528
3,4-dihydroxyphenylethyleneglycol is a tetrol composed of ethyleneglycol having a 3,4-dihydroxyphenyl group at the 1-position. It has a role as a metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of catechols and a tetrol. 
108079
Coprine is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid that is L-glutamine in which one of the hydrogens attached to the amide nitrogen is replaced by a 1-hydroxycyclopropyl group. Found in the ink-cap mushroom, Coprinus atramentarius, it causes an unpleasant hypersensitivity to alcohol (the 'disulfiram effect'). It has a role as an EC 1.2.1.3 [aldehyde dehydrogenase (NAD(+))] inhibitor, a metabolite and a mycotoxin. It is a member of cyclopropanes, a dicarboxylic acid monoamide, a L-glutamine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
8988
D-proline is the D-enantiomer of proline. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a D-alpha-amino acid and a proline. It is a conjugate base of a D-prolinium. It is a conjugate acid of a D-prolinate. It is an enantiomer of a L-proline. It is a tautomer of a D-proline zwitterion. Proline is a cyclic, nonessential amino acid (actually, an imino acid) in humans (synthesized from glutamic acid and other amino acids), Proline is a constituent of many proteins. Found in high concentrations in collagen, proline constitutes almost a third of the residues. Collagen is the main supportive protein of skin, tendons, bones, and connective tissue and promotes their health and healing. (NCI04) 
164628
DTDP is a thymidine phosphate having a diphosphate group at the 5'-position. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-diphosphate and a thymidine phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a dTDP(3-). 
222528
Deoxycholic acid is a bile acid that is 5beta-cholan-24-oic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 12 respectively. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite. It is a bile acid, a dihydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid and a C24-steroid. It is a conjugate acid of a deoxycholate. 
15122
1,4-dichloro-2-butene appears as a clear colorless liquid. Burns, though may be difficult to ignite. Corrosive to tissue. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals. 
73558
Mandelamide is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is phenylacetamide in which one of the benzylic hydrogens has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of benzyl alcohols and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a phenylacetic acid. 
54892
Quinapril is a member of the class of isoquinolines that is (3S)-2-L-alanyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinoline-3-carboxylic acid in which the alpha-amino group of the alanyl residue has been substituted by a 1-ethoxycarbonyl-4-phenylbutan-2-yl group (the all-S isomer). A prodrug for quinaprilat (by hydrolysis of the ethyl ester to the corresponding carboxylic acid), it is used as an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACE inhibitor) used (generally as the hydrochloride salt) for the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure. It has a role as an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor, a prodrug and an antihypertensive agent. It is a member of isoquinolines, a dicarboxylic acid monoester, an ethyl ester and a tertiary carboxamide. Quinapril is a prodrug and non-sulfhydryl angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. Quinapril is hydrolized into its active form quinaprilat, which binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This abolishes the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and leads to vasodilatation. Quinapril also causes a decrease in angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, thereby promoting diuresis and natriuresis, and increases bradykinin levels. 
23675312
Cephapirin sodium is the sodium salt of cephapirin. A first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic, it is effective against gram-negative and gram-positive organisms. Being more resistant to beta-lactamases than penicillins, it is effective agains most staphylococci, though not methicillin-resistant staphylococci. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a cephalosporin and an organic sodium salt. It contains a cephapirin(1-). Cephapirin Sodium is the sodium salt form of cephapirin, a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactam, first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cephapirin sodium inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis by inhibiting the final transpeptidation step of peptidoglycan synthesis and subsequent cross-linking of peptidoglycan units. This results in a reduction of cell wall stability and leads to cell lysis. 
440676
3a, 7a-Dihydroxy-5b-24-oxocholestanoyl-CoA belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 3-oxo-acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a 3-oxo acylated coenzyme A derivative. 3a, 7a-Dihydroxy-5b-24-oxocholestanoyl-CoA is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 3a, 7a-Dihydroxy-5b-24-oxocholestanoyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3a, 7a-dihydroxy-5b-24-oxocholestanoyl-CoA is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
5281221
Bracteatin is the 3,4,5-trihydrobenzylidene derivative of 4,6-dihydroxy-1-benzofuran-3(2H)-one. Its glucoside is a significant contributor to the yellow colour of Antirrhinum majus (snapdragon) flowers. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a member of 1-benzofurans. 
104897
Lanthanum(3+) is a monoatomic trication and a lanthanum molecular entity. It has a role as a cofactor. Lanthanum Cation (3) is the ionized form of lanthanum (trivalent ion) with phosphate binding property. Lanthanum ion binds dietary phosphate and inhibits the absorption of phosphate by forming highly insoluble lanthanum-phosphate complexes that reduce the concentrations of serum phosphate and calcium phosphate. 
20484
Fructosamine, also known as D isoglucosamine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monosaccharides. Monosaccharides are compounds containing one carbohydrate unit not glycosidically linked to another such unit, and no set of two or more glycosidically linked carbohydrate units. Monosaccharides have the general formula CnH2nOn. Fructosamine is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Fructosamine has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as saliva and blood. Fructosamine has been found to be associated with several diseases known as diabetes mellitus type 2 and pregnancy; fructosamine has also been linked to the inborn metabolic disorders including 11-beta-hydroxylase deficiency. 
441742
Karakoline is an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound that is aconitane bearing hydroxy groups at the 1alpha, 8, and 14alpha positions and substituted at on the nitrogen and at positions 4 and 16beta by ethyl, methyl, and methoxy groups, respectively. It has a role as a phytotoxin. It is a tertiary amino compound, a tertiary alcohol, a secondary alcohol, an alkaloid, an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound and a bridged compound. It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. 
9548601
5-oxopentanoate is a 5-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 5-oxopentanoic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is a 5-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion, an aldehydic acid anion, an omega-oxo fatty acid anion and a member of oxopentanoates. It derives from a valerate. It is a conjugate base of a 5-oxopentanoic acid. 
7388
Benzene-1,3-disulfonic acid is a member of the class of benzenesulfonic acids consisting of benzene carrying two sulfo groups at positions 1 and 3 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. 
62145
Pyrazinemethanethiol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. Pyrazinemethanethiol is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, pyrazinemethanethiol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Pyrazinemethanethiol has a meaty and roasted in sugar syrup taste. 
112056
2-Hydroxy-2-(4-methoxyphenyl)acetic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anisoles. These are organic compounds containing a methoxybenzene or a derivative thereof. 2-Hydroxy-2-(4-methoxyphenyl)acetic acid is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
10922465
(+)-artemisinic acid is a monocarboxylic acid that is prop-2-enoic acid which is substituted at position 2 by a 4,7-dimethyl-1,2,3,4,4a,5,6,8a-octahydronaphthalen-1-yl group (the 1S,4R,4aS,8aR diastereoisomer). It is a sesquiterpenoid precursor of artemisinin, obtained from sweet wormwood, Artemisia annua. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a carbobicyclic compound, a sesquiterpenoid and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. It derives from a (+)-artemisinic alcohol. It is a conjugate acid of a (+)-artemisinate. 
11966314
3-hydroxyisobutyrate is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a propionate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-hydroxyisobutyric acid. 
6094
4-deoxypyridoxine is a pyridine ring substituted with methyl groups at positions 2 and 4, a hydroxyl at position 3, and a hydroxymethyl group at position 5. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a hydroxymethylpyridine, a member of methylpyridines and a monohydroxypyridine. 
4661
(4-nitrophenyl)acetic acid is a member of the class of phenylacetic acids that is phenylacetic acid in which the phenyl grup is substituted at the para- position by a nitro group. It is a C-nitro compound and a member of phenylacetic acids. It derives from a phenylacetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (4-nitrophenyl)acetate. 
445638
Palmitoleic acid is a hexadec-9-enoic acid in which the double bond at position C-9 has cis configuration. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.1 (carboxylesterase) inhibitor, a Daphnia galeata metabolite, a human blood serum metabolite, an algal metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a palmitoleate. 
45266570
Isobutyryl-CoA(4-) is an acyl-CoA(4-) that is the tetraanion of isobutyryl-CoA, arising from deprotonation of phosphate and diphosphate functions. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an isobutyryl-CoA. 
126894
Pivaloylcarnitine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl carnitines. These are organic compounds containing a fatty acid with the carboxylic acid attached to carnitine through an ester bond. Thus, pivaloylcarnitine is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. Pivaloylcarnitine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Pivaloylcarnitine has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, pivaloylcarnitine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
522255
Ethyl 9-decenoate is the fatty acid ethyl ester of dec-9-enoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a dec-9-enoic acid. 
135567477
1-O-[4-O-(3,4-dichlorobenzyl)-alpha-D-galactosyl]-N-hexacosanoylphytosphingosine is a glycophytoceramide having a 4-O-(3,4-dichlorobenzyl)-alpha-D-galactosyl residue at the O-1 position and a hexacosanoyl group attached to the nitrogen. One of a series of an extensive set of 4\ 
151383
Fidaxomicin is a semisynthetic macrolide antibiotic used to treat Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea in adults. Fidaxomicin has minimal systemic absorption and has not been linked to serum enzyme elevations during therapy or to instances of clinically apparent, acute liver injury. Fidaxomicin is a narrow-spectrum, 18-membered macrolide antibiotic isolated from the actinomycete Dactylosporangium aurantiacum subsp. hamdenensis with potential antibacterial activity. Although the exact mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, fidaxomicin may bind to and inhibit bacterial DNA-dependent RNA polymerase, thereby inhibiting the initiation of bacterial RNA synthesis. When orally administered, this agent is minimally absorbed into the systemic circulation, acting locally in the gastrointestinal tract. Fidaxomicin appears to be active against pathogenic Gram-positive bacteria, such as clostridia, enterococci, and staphylococci, but does not appear to be active against other beneficial intestinal bacteria. 
2422
Bohemine is purine substituted on C-2, C-6 and N-9 with (3-hydroxypropyl)amino, benzylamino and isopropyl groups respectively; a synthetic, cell-permeable, cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) inhibitor that is structurally similar to olomoucine and roscovitine. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.22 (cyclin-dependent kinase) inhibitor. 
40326
Permethrin is a pale brown liquid. Relatively water insoluble. Used as an insecticide. Permethrin is a cyclopropanecarboxylate ester in which the esterifying alcohol is 3-phenoxybenzyl alcohol and the cyclopropane ring is substituted with a 2,2-dichlorovinyl group and with gem-dimethyl groups. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide, a pyrethroid ester acaricide, an agrochemical, an ectoparasiticide and a scabicide. It is a member of cyclopropanes and a cyclopropanecarboxylate ester. It derives from a 3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylic acid. Permethrin is a synthetic pyrethroid and neurotoxin. Permethrin affects the neuronal membrane by blocking the movement of sodium ions from outside to inside the neuronal cell membrane thereby disrupting the sodium channel current that regulates the polarization of the membrane. This leads to delayed repolarization and subsequent paralysis of the nervous system. Permethrin is used to eradicate parasites such as head lice, ticks and scabies from humans and animals. 
87247
4-methylumbelliferyl butyate is a member of the class of coumarins that is 4-methylumbelliferone in which the hydroxyl hydrogen is replaced by a butyryl group. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a member of coumarins and a butyrate ester. It derives from a 4-methylumbelliferone. 
6992871
Gly-Gly-Leu is a tripeptide composed of glycine, glycine and L-leucine residues joined in sequence. It has a role as a metabolite. 
100900
Sherry lactone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma butyrolactones. Gamma butyrolactones are compounds containing a gamma butyrolactone moiety, which consists of an aliphatic five-member ring with four carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, and bears a ketone group on the carbon adjacent to the oxygen atom. Sherry lactone is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, sherry lactone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, sherry lactone can be found in alcoholic beverages and root vegetables. This makes sherry lactone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
300
Chloroacetic acid, solid is a colorless to light-brown crystalline material. It is soluble in water and sinks in water. Combustible. It is transported as a molten liquid and therefore can cause thermal burns. It is toxic by ingestion, skin absorption and inhalation of dust. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. Chloroacetic acid is a chlorocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid carrying a 2-chloro substituent. It has a role as an alkylating agent and a herbicide. It is a chlorocarboxylic acid and a haloacetic acid. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a chloroacetate. 
18281
Laureth-5 is a hydroxypolyether that is pentaethylene glycol in which one of the terminal hydrogens is replaced by a dodecyl group. It has a role as a nonionic surfactant. It is a hydroxypolyether, a pentaethylene glycol and a primary alcohol. 
53477791
O-tetradecanoyl-L-carnitine is an O-acyl-L-carnitine in which the acyl group is specified as myristoyl (tetradecanoyl). It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an O-tetradecanoylcarnitine and a saturated fatty acyl-L-carnitine. 
9817511
BODIPY FL is a BODIPY dye and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It derives from a 4,4-difluoro-4-bora-3a,4a-diaza-s-indacene. 
442036
Hallactone B is a diterpenoid that is a organic heterohexacyclic compound consisting of lactone and epoxide ring systems. It is isolated from Podocarpus macrophyllus. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a diterpenoid, a gamma-lactone, a delta-lactone, an epoxide, a sulfone, a tertiary alcohol and an organic heterohexacyclic compound. 
91144
Farrerol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavanones. Flavanones are compounds containing a flavan-3-one moiety, with a structure characterized by a 2-phenyl-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran bearing a ketone at the carbon C3. Thus, farrerol is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. Farrerol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
7478
4-methoxybenzoic acid is a methoxybenzoic acid substituted with a methoxy group at position C-4. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-methoxybenzoate. 
656592
Butropium bromide is an organic bromide salt of butropium. It is a drug which suppresses spasm of smooth muscles of internal organs, inhibits gastric acid secretion and relieves abdominal pain. It is used in the treatment of spasmodic pains associated with gastritis, gastric ulcers and cholelithiasis. It has a role as an antispasmodic drug and a muscarinic antagonist. It is an organic bromide salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. It contains a butropium. 
102213
Cordysinin B is a member of the class of adenosines that is adenosine in which the hydroxy group at position 2' is replaced by a methoxy group. It has been isolated from the mycelia of Cordyceps sinensis. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is a member of adenosines and an ether. It derives from an adenosine. 
65725
3-Amino-2-oxazolidone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxazolidinones. Oxazolidinones are compounds containing an oxazolidinone moiety, which is an oxazolidine bearing a ketone group. 3-Amino-2-oxazolidone is very soluble (in water) and a strong basic compound (based on its pKa). 3-Amino-2-oxazolidone has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 3-amino-2-oxazolidone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
193456
N-Acetylgalactosamine 6-sulfate, also known as nag-6-S, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monosaccharide sulfates. These are monosaccharides that contain a sulfate group linked to the sugar moiety. N-Acetylgalactosamine 6-sulfate is soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, N-acetylgalactosamine 6-sulfate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
92730
11alpha-hydroxyprogesterone is a 11alpha-hydroxy steroid that is pregn-4-ene-3,20-dione substituted by a hydroxy group at position 11. It is an 11alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid and a 20-oxo steroid. It derives from a progesterone. 
152968
2-Methyl-3-hydroxyvaleric acid, also known as 3-hydroxy-2-methylvalerate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxy fatty acids. These are fatty acids in which the chain bears a hydroxyl group. 2-Methyl-3-hydroxyvaleric acid is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 2-Methyl-3-hydroxyvaleric acid has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-methyl-3-hydroxyvaleric acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm and adiposome. 
439368
(R)-pantolactone is a butan-4-olide that is dihydrofuran-2(3H)-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3 and two methyl groups at position 4 (the R-stereoisomer). It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a (R)-pantoic acid. 
162350
Isovitexin is a C-glycosyl compound that consists of apigenin substituted by a 1,5-anhydro-D-glucitol moiety at position 6. It has a role as an EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor and a metabolite. It is a C-glycosyl compound and a trihydroxyflavone. It derives from an apigenin. It is a conjugate acid of an isovitexin-7-olate. 
22584
2-chloro-p-phenylenediamine sulfate appears as light gray or lavender powder. (NTP, 1992) 2-chloro-1,4-phenylenediamine sulfate is an arylammonium sulfate salt obtained by combining 2-chloro-1,4-phenylenediamine with one molar equivalent of sulfuric acid. It has a role as a dye. It contains a 2-chloro-1,4-phenylenediaminium. 
643990
Sialyl-lewis X, also known as sialyl lewisx or CD15 antigen, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acylneuraminic acids. These are neuraminic acids carrying an N-acyl substituent. Sialyl-lewis X is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
181250
2-Pentadecylfuran belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. 2-Pentadecylfuran is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-pentadecylfuran is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2-pentadecylfuran can be found in fruits. This makes 2-pentadecylfuran a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
56841779
Pentolite, [dry] appears as a highly explosive solid. Composed of equal parts pentaerythritol tetranitrate and trinitrotoluene (TNT). Very sensitive to heat and shock. Primary hazard is blast of an instantaneous explosion, not flying projectiles or fragments. Used as a detonating fuse. 
20487
Octahydro-2H-1-benzopyran-2-one, also known as cyclohexyl lactone or octahydro-coumarin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzopyrans. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to a pyran ring. Pyran a six-membered heterocyclic, non-aromatic ring, made up of five carbon atoms and one oxygen atom and containing two double bonds. Octahydro-2H-1-benzopyran-2-one is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, octahydro-2H-1-benzopyran-2-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Octahydro-2H-1-benzopyran-2-one has a sweet, coumarin, and herbal taste. 
24345
Iodic acid is an iodine oxoacid. It has a role as an astringent. It is a conjugate acid of an iodate. 
656883
4-hydroxymethylsalicylic acid is a monohydroxybenzoic acid consisting of salicylic acid having a hydroxymethyl group at the 4-position. It derives from a salicylic acid. 
22434
Methyl henicosanoate is a fatty acid methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of henicosanoic acid with methanol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a henicosanoic acid. 
643993
3-Sialyl lewis, also known as sialyl lea tri or slea, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acylneuraminic acids. These are neuraminic acids carrying an N-acyl substituent. 3-Sialyl lewis is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
102
3-hydroxybenzyl alcohol is a hydroxybenzyl alcohol that is phenol substituted at position C-3 by a hydroxymethyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a hydroxybenzyl alcohol. 
15942892
Thiamine(1+) monophosphate(2-) is a thiamine phosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a thiamine(1+) monophosphate(1-). 
19588
Fenobucarb is a carbamate ester obtained by the formal condensation of 2-sec-butylphenol with methylcarbamic acid. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an agrochemical, a herbicide, an insecticide and an environmental contaminant. It derives from a methylcarbamic acid and a 2-sec-butylphenol. 
11761
Dinitrotoluene appears as a yellow crystalline solid or an oily liquid consisting of the three isomers. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Toxic by skin absorption, ingestion or inhalation. 2,3-dinitrotoluene is a dinitrotoluene that is toluene in which the hydrogens at positions 2 and 3 have been replaced by nitro groups. It has a role as an explosive. 
440770
Alpha-amino-gamma-cyanobutanoic acid is an alpha-amino acid that is 2-aminobutanoic acid substituted at position 4 by a cyano group. It is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid and an aliphatic nitrile. It derives from a butyric acid. 
159776
Aklavinone is an anthracycline, a member of tetracenequinones, a methyl ester and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. 
9013425
Ferimzone is a member of the class of pyrimidines that is 2-hydrazino-4,6-dimethylpyrimidine in which the two amino hydrogens are replaced by a 1-(2-methylphenyl)ethylidene group. It is used for the control of fungal diseases in rice. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of toluenes, a hydrazone and a pyrimidine fungicide. 
6419
Pentachloroethane appears as a colorless liquid with a chloroform-like odor. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Toxic by inhalation and ingestion. May irritate skin and eyes. Used as a solvent. Pentachloroethane is a member of the class of chloroethanes that is ethane in which five of the six hydrogens are replaced by chlorines. A non-flammable, high-boiling liquid (b.p. 161-162℃) with relative density 1.67 and an odour resembling that of chloroform, it is used as a solvent for oil and grease, in metal cleaning, and in the separation of coal from impurities. It has a role as a non-polar solvent. 
25195429
NIR-2 dye is a cyanine dye and an organic potassium salt. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a NIR-2(2-). 
61295
S-Propyl thioacetate, also known as fema 3385 or S-propyl ethanethioate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thioesters. These are organic compounds containing an ester of thiocarboxylic acid, with the general structure RC(=S)XR' (R=H, alkyl, aryl; R'=alkyl, aryl; X=O, S). S-Propyl thioacetate is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, S-propyl thioacetate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. S-Propyl thioacetate has a garlic, green, and onion taste. 
545792
2, 2, 4-Trimethyldecane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. 2, 2, 4-Trimethyldecane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 2, 4-trimethyldecane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 2, 4-trimethyldecane can be found in alcoholic beverages and fats and oils. This makes 2, 2, 4-trimethyldecane a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
71602
N'-acetylisoniazid is a carbohydrazide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of isonicotinic acid with hydrazine and subsequent acetylation of the monosubstituted nitrogen atom. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an isoniazide. 
111299
Gamma-Glu-Phe is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the side-chain carboxy group of L-glutamic acid with the amino group of L-phenylalanine. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a gamma-Glu-Phe(1-). 
293754
Alpha-Amyrin acetate, also known as a-amyrin acetic acid or -amyrenyl acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Alpha-Amyrin acetate exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, Alpha-amyrin acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, Alpha-amyrin acetate can be found in mugwort. This makes Alpha-amyrin acetate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
31231
1-(4-Methoxyphenyl)-2-propanone, also known as 4-methoxybenzyl methyl ketone or 4-methoxyphenylacetone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. 1-(4-Methoxyphenyl)-2-propanone exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 1-(4-methoxyphenyl)-2-propanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 1-(4-Methoxyphenyl)-2-propanone is a sweet, anisic, and balsam tasting compound that can be found in anise, fennel, and herbs and spices. This makes 1-(4-methoxyphenyl)-2-propanone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
8987
Diethyldithiocarbamic acid is a member of the class of dithiocarbamic acids that is diethylcarbamic acid in which both of the oxygens are replaced by sulfur. It has a role as a chelator. It is a conjugate acid of a diethyldithiocarbamate. Ditiocarb is a sulfhydryl-containing carbamate that is the primary in vivo metabolite of disulfiram. Diethyldithiocarbamate chelates zinc, thereby inhibiting metalloproteinases, thereby preventing the degradation of the extracellular matrix and inhibiting an initial step in cancer metastasis and angiogenesis. A known inhibitor of superoxide dismutase, this agent can either potentiate or protect against cell oxidative damage caused by ionizing radiation, depending on the time of administration. (NCI04) 
119900
Menthyl isovalerate, also known as fema 2669 or validol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. Menthyl isovalerate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, menthyl isovalerate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Menthyl isovalerate is a sweet, bitter, and cooling tasting compound that can be found in peppermint. This makes menthyl isovalerate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
12076
4-nitroanthranilic acid appears as orange prisms or orange powder. Sweet taste. (NTP, 1992) 4-nitroanthranilic acid is an aminobenzoic acid that is anthranilic acid with a nitro substituent at position 4. It has a role as a mutagen. It is an aminobenzoic acid and a nitrobenzoic acid. It derives from an anthranilic acid. 
564760
2-Acetyl-4-methylpyridine, also known as 2-acetyl-4-picoline, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. 2-Acetyl-4-methylpyridine exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-acetyl-4-methylpyridine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2-acetyl-4-methylpyridine can be found in fruits. This makes 2-acetyl-4-methylpyridine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
5494866
Isowighteone is a member of the class of 7-hydroxyisoflavones that is isoflavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7 and 4' and a prenyl group at position 3'. It has been isolated from Ficus mucuso. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from an isoflavone. 
274476
1,2-campholide is a delta-lactone that is 2-oxabicyclo[3.2.1]octan-3-one substituted by methyl groups at positions 1, 8 and 8 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
176480
N(2),3-ethenoguanine is a nucleobase analogue obtained by addition of an etheno group across positions N2 and 3 of guanine. It is an imidazopurine and a nucleobase analogue. It derives from a guanine. 
6731
D & c yellow 11 appears as bright greenish yellow solid or canary yellow powder. (NTP, 1992) Quinoline yellow is a quinoline derivative with a 1,3-dioxoindan-2-yl substituent at C-2. It has a role as a dye. It is a member of quinolines, a beta-diketone and an aromatic ketone. 
67955
6-methyladenine is a methyladenine that is 9H-purin-6-amine substituted by a methyl group at the amino nitrogen. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a 6-alkylaminopurine and a methyladenine. 
23422
Tubocurarine Chloride is the chloride salt form of tubocurarine, a naturally occurring curare alkaloid isolated from the bark and stem of Chondodendron tomentosum with a muscle relaxant property. Tubocurarine chloride competes with acetylcholine for the nicotinic receptors at the neuromuscular junction of skeletal muscles, thereby inhibiting the action of acetylcholine and blocking the neural transmission without depolarizing the postsynaptic membrane. This may lead to skeletal muscle relaxation and paralysis. 
66829
1-Piperazinecarbodithioic acid, also known as N-piperazinedithioacarboxylic acid or parvex, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as piperazines. Piperazines are compounds containing a piperazine ring, which is a saturated aliphatic six-member heterocyclic with two nitrogen atoms at positions 1 and 4, as well as four carbon atoms. 1-Piperazinecarbodithioic acid exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 1-piperazinecarbodithioic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
10439877
Dabigatran etexilate methanesulfonate is a methanesulfonate salt obtained by reaction of dabigatran etexilate with one equivalent of dabigatran etexilate. A prodrug for dabigatran, a thrombin inhibitor and anticoagulant which is used for the prevention of stroke and systemic embolism. It has a role as an EC 3.4.21.5 (thrombin) inhibitor, an anticoagulant and a prodrug. It contains a dabigatran etexilate(1+). Dabigatran Etexilate Mesylate is an orally available mesylate salt form of the etexilate prodrug of dabigatran, a benzimidazole and direct thrombin inhibitor with anticoagulant activity. Upon administration, dabigatran etexilate is hydrolyzed by esterases and is converted into dabigatran. Dabigatran reversibly binds to and inhibits the activity of thrombin, a serine protease that converts fibrinogen into fibrin. This disrupts the coagulation cascade and inhibits the formation of blood clots. 
16220066
U0126.EtOH is an addition compound obtained by combining equimolar amounts of (2Z,3Z)-bis{amino[(2-aminophenyl)sulfanyl]methylidene}butanedinitrile (U0126) and ethanol. An inhibitor of mitogen-activated protein kinase that also exhibits anti-cancer properties. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent, an antioxidant, an osteogenesis regulator and a vasoconstrictor agent. It contains an U0126. 
440850
4-acetamidobutanal is a monocarboxylic acid amide and an alpha-CH2-containing aldehyde. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a butanal. 
6137
L-methionine is the L-enantiomer of methionine. It has a role as a nutraceutical, a micronutrient, an antidote to paracetamol poisoning, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an aspartate family amino acid, a proteinogenic amino acid, a methionine and a L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a L-methioninium. It is a conjugate acid of a L-methioninate. It is an enantiomer of a D-methionine. It is a tautomer of a L-methionine zwitterion. Methionine is one of nine essential amino acids in humans (provided by food), Methionine is required for growth and tissue repair. A sulphur-containing amino acid, methionine improves the tone and pliability of skin, hair, and strengthens nails. Involved in many detoxifying processes, sulphur provided by methionine protects cells from pollutants, slows cell aging, and is essential for absorption and bio-availability of selenium and zinc. Methionine chelates heavy metals, such as lead and mercury, aiding their excretion. It also acts as a lipotropic agent and prevents excess fat buildup in the liver. (NCI04) 
188958
Xi-3-hydroxy-2-oxobutanoic acid, also known as 3-hydroxy-alpha-ketobutyrate or beta-hydroxy-alpha-oxobutyric acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as short-chain keto acids and derivatives. These are keto acids with an alkyl chain the contains less than 6 carbon atoms. Xi-3-hydroxy-2-oxobutanoic acid is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, xi-3-hydroxy-2-oxobutanoic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, xi-3-hydroxy-2-oxobutanoic acid can be found in fruits and milk and milk products. This makes xi-3-hydroxy-2-oxobutanoic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
6517
Ethyl silicate appears as a clear colorless liquid with a faint odor. Flash point 125°F. Less dense than water. Vapors are heavier than air. 
119326
Solanapyrone A is a solanapyrone, a pyrancarbaldehyde and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. It has a role as an EC 2.7.7.7 (DNA-directed DNA polymerase) inhibitor. 
9570985
Ceftriaxone is a third generation cephalosporin antibiotic which has been associated with development of biliary sludge and biliary colic when given parenterally and in high doses. Ceftriaxone is also associated with rare instances of immunoallergic, usually cholestatic hepatitis similar to the injury associated with other cephalosporins. Ceftriaxone is a beta-lactam, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Ceftriaxone binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. Compared to the second and first generation cephalosporins, ceftriaxone is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria. Ceftriaxone also crosses the blood-brain barrier and reaches therapeutic concentrations in the central nervous system (CNS). Ceftriaxone Sodium is the sodium salt form of ceftriaxone, a beta-lactam, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Ceftriaxone binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. Compared to the second and first generation cephalosporins, ceftriaxone is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria. Ceftriaxone also crosses the blood-brain barrier and reaches therapeutic concentrations in the central nervous system (CNS). 
440932
1-methylpyrrolinium is an organic cation that is 1-pyrroline bearing an N-methyl substituent. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a 1-pyrrolinium. 
169019
D-threitol is the D-enantiomer of threitol. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a L-threitol. 
14798
Sodium hydroxide solution appears as a colorless liquid. More dense than water. Contact may severely irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Toxic by ingestion. Corrosive to metals and tissue. 
64971
Betulinic acid is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is lupane having a double bond at position 20(29) as well as 3beta-hydroxy and 28-carboxy substituents. It is found in the bark and other plant parts of several species of plants including Syzygium claviflorum. It exhibits anti-HIV, antimalarial, antineoplastic and anti-inflammatory properties. It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor, an anti-HIV agent, an antimalarial, an anti-inflammatory agent, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a hydride of a lupane. Betulinic Acid is a pentacyclic lupane-type triterpene derivative of betulin (isolated from the bark of Betula alba, the common white birch) with antiinflammatory, anti-HIV and antineoplastic activities. Betulinic acid induces apoptosis through induction of changes in mitochondrial membrane potential, production of reactive oxygen species, and opening of mitochondrial permeability transition pores, resulting in the release of mitochondrial apogenic factors, activation of caspases, and DNA fragmentation. Although originally thought to exhibit specific cytotoxicity against melanoma cells, this agent has been found to be cytotoxic against non-melanoma tumor cell types including neuroectodermal and brain tumor cells. 
439326
N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminyl-(1->4)-N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosamine is an N,N'-diacetylchitobiose having beta-configuration at the reducing end anomeric centre. It has a role as an epitope. It derives from a beta-D-glucosaminyl-(1->4)-beta-D-glucosamine. 
443585
2,6-diamino-7-hydroxy-azelaic acid is a alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is azelaic acid substituted by amino groups at positions 2 and 6. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid, a 3-hydroxy carboxylic acid, a gamma-amino acid, a diamino acid and an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid. 
442670
Cajanol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 7-o-methylated isoflavonoids. These are isoflavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C7 atom of the isoflavonoid backbone. Isoflavonoids are natural products derived from 3-phenylchromen-4-one. Thus, cajanol is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. Cajanol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, cajanol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, cajanol can be found in pigeon pea and pulses. This makes cajanol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
75231
2-Hydroxy-4-methoxybenzoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as p-methoxybenzoic acids and derivatives. These are benzoic acids in which the hydrogen atom at position 4 of the benzene ring is replaced by a methoxy group. 2-Hydroxy-4-methoxybenzoic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, 2-hydroxy-4-methoxybenzoic acid can be found in evening primrose. This makes 2-hydroxy-4-methoxybenzoic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
5904
Benzylpenicillin is a penicillin in which the substituent at position 6 of the penam ring is a phenylacetamido group. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an epitope and a drug allergen. It is a penicillin allergen and a penicillin. It is a conjugate acid of a benzylpenicillin(1-). Penicillin G is a broad-spectrum, beta-lactam naturally occurring penicillin antibiotic with antibacterial activity. Penicillin G binds to and inactivates the penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) located inside the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and eventually causing cell lysis. 
3034010
Orlistat is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of N-formyl-L-leucine with the hydroxy group of (3S,4S)-3-hexyl-4-[(2S)-2-hydroxytridecyl]oxetan-2-one. A pancreatic lipase inhibitor, it is used as an anti-obesity drug. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.3 (triacylglycerol lipase) inhibitor, a bacterial metabolite, an EC 2.3.1.85 (fatty acid synthase) inhibitor and an anti-obesity agent. It is a beta-lactone, a L-leucine derivative, a member of formamides and a carboxylic ester. Orlistat is a reversible active-site inhibitor of gastrointestinal lipases. Orlistat forms a covalent bond with the active serine site in gastric and pancreatic lipases, thereby inhibiting their activity and preventing dietary fat from being hydrolyzed and absorbed. (NCI04) 
5329103
SU11652 is a member of the class of pyrrolecarboxamides obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 5-[(Z)-(5-chloro-2-oxo-1,2-dihydroindol-3-ylidene)methyl]-2,4-dimethylpyrrole-3-carboxylic acid with the primary amino group of N(1),N(1)-diethylethane-1,2-diamine. It has a role as an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor and an EC 3.1.4.12 (sphingomyelin phosphodiesterase) inhibitor. It is a pyrrolecarboxamide, a member of oxindoles, an organochlorine compound, a tertiary amino compound and an olefinic compound. It derives from a 3-methyleneoxindole. 
8380
Octyl decyl phthalate is a colorless liquid with a mild, characteristic odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. (USCG, 1999) 
183466
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 8-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C8 atom of the flavonoid backbone. Thus, is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in citrus and mandarin orange (clementine, tangerine). This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
102831
1-(4-sulfophenyl)-3-carboxy-4-amino-5-oxopyrazole is a 4,5-dihydropyrazole having p-sulfophenyl-, carboxy-, amino- and oxo substituents at the 1-, 3-, 4- and 5-positions respectively. It is a member of pyrazoles, a monocarboxylic acid, a sulfonic acid and an amino acid. It derives from an antipyrine. 
636989
Obyanamide is a cyclodepsipeptide isolated from Lyngbya confervoides and has been shown to exhibit antineoplastic activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a cyclodepsipeptide and a macrocycle. 
62764
1-[1-(2-Thienyl)cyclohexyl]pyrrolidine is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
3000226
Fusidic acid is a steroid antibiotic that is isolated from the fermentation broth of Fusidium coccineum. It has a role as a protein synthesis inhibitor, an EC 2.7.1.33 (pantothenate kinase) inhibitor and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, an 11alpha-hydroxy steroid, a sterol ester, a steroid acid, an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid and a steroid antibiotic. It is a conjugate acid of a fusidate. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-cholestane. Fusidic Acid is a bacteriostatic antibiotic derived from the fungus Fusidium coccineum and used as a topical medication to treat skin infections. Fusidic acid acts as a bacterial protein synthesis inhibitor by preventing the turnover of elongation factor G (EF-G) from the ribosome. Fusidic acid is effective primarily on gram-positive bacteria. 
439922
N-malonylanthranilic acid is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. It derives from an anthranilic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-malonylanthranilate. 
71845
Phenyracillin is the 2,5-diphenylpiperazine salt of benzylpenicillin with antibacterial activity. Phenyracillin binds to and inactivates the penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) located inside the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall, eventually causing cell lysis. 
656678
Atropine Sulfate is the sulfate salt of atropine, a naturally-occurring alkaloid isolated from the plant Atropa belladonna. Atropine functions as a sympathetic, competitive antagonist of muscarinic cholinergic receptors, thereby abolishing the effects of parasympathetic stimulation. This agent may induce tachycardia, inhibit secretions, and relax smooth muscles. (NCI04) 
180441
Tsibulin 1 belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta-diketones. These are organic compounds containing two keto groups separated by a single carbon atom. Tsibulin 1 is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, tsibulin 1 is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, tsibulin 1 can be found in garden onion and onion-family vegetables. This makes tsibulin 1 a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
5281256
Isobutrin is a member of the class of chalcones that is trans-chalcone substituted by beta-D-glucopyranosyloxy groups at positions 3 and 4' and hydroxy groups at positions 4 and 2' respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a hepatoprotective agent and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a member of chalcones, a beta-D-glucoside, a monosaccharide derivative and a member of phenols. It derives from a trans-chalcone. 
221493
Cholic acid is a bile acid that is 5beta-cholan-24-oic acid bearing three alpha-hydroxy substituents at position 3, 7 and 12. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a bile acid, a C24-steroid, a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 12alpha-hydroxy steroid and a trihydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a cholate. 
62389
N-benzyladenine is a member of the class of 6-aminopurines that is adenine in which one of the hydrogens of the amino group is replaced by a benzyl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a cytokinin. It derives from an adenine. 
352038
Leucyl-valine, also known as L-V dipeptide or leu-val, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Leucyl-valine is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Leucyl-valine has been primarily detected in feces. 
29075
Nonadec-1-ene is an unbranched nineteen-carbon alkene with one double bond between C-1 and C-2. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a bacterial metabolite. 
194024
2-dehydro-3-deoxy-D-galactonic acid is the 2-dehydro-3-deoxy derivative of D-galactonic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a ketoaldonic acid and a hexonic acid. It derives from a galactonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-dehydro-3-deoxy-D-galactonate. It is an enantiomer of a 2-keto-3-deoxy-L-galactonic acid. 
146159398
Erythromycin stearate appears as fluffy colorless powder or fine white powder. (NTP, 1992) Erythromycin Stearate is the stearate salt form of erythromycin, a broad-spectrum, topical macrolide antibiotic with antibacterial activity. Erythromycin stearate diffuses through the bacterial cell membrane and reversibly binds to the 50S subunit of the bacterial ribosome. This prevents bacterial protein synthesis. Erythromycin stearate may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal in action, depending on the concentration of the drug at the site of infection and the susceptibility of the organism involved. 
97679
Norsanguinarine, also known as 2, 3, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenanthridines and derivatives. These are polycyclic compounds containing a phenanthridine moiety, which is a tricyclic system with two benzene rings joined by a pyridine forming a non-linear skeleton. Hydrogenated derivatives are also included. Norsanguinarine exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, norsanguinarine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, norsanguinarine can be found in opium poppy. This makes norsanguinarine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
65249
N-acetyl-L-serine is an N-acetyl-L-amino acid in which the amino acid specified is L-serine. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an acetyl-L-serine and a N-acetyl-L-amino acid. 
14474988
PApA is a 5'-phospho-(3'->5')-dinucleotide composed from two AMP residues. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a pApA(3-). 
4051915
A strong dicarboxylic acid occurring in many plants and vegetables. It is produced in the body by metabolism of glyoxylic acid or ascorbic acid. It is not metabolized but excreted in the urine. It is used as an analytical reagent and general reducing agent. 
234310
Glysobuzole is a sulfonamide derivative with antihyperglycemic activity. Like sulfonylureas, glysobuzole is able to lower blood glucose levels by increasing the release of insulin from pancreatic beta cells. 
151282
Gly-Met is a dipeptide formed from glycine and L-methionine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a tautomer of a Gly-Met zwitterion. 
151023
Gamma-Glu-Leu is a glutamyl-L-amino acid obtained by formal condensation of the gamma-carboxy group of glutamic acid with the amino group of leucine. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a glutamic acid and a leucine. It is a conjugate acid of a gamma-Glu-Leu(1-). 
5460660
Behenate is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of behenic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxylic acid group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acid anion, a straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion, a fatty acid anion 22:0, a 2-saturated fatty acid anion and an omega-methyl fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a docosanoic acid. 
587712
15-Deacetylcalonectrin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trichothecenes. These are sesquiterpene mycotoxins structurally characterized by the presence of an epoxide ring and a benzopyran derivative with a variant number of hydroxyl, acetyl, or other substituents. The most important structural features causing the biological activities of trichothecenes are the 12, 13-epoxy ring, the presence of hydroxyl or acetyl groups at appropriate positions on the trichothecene nucleus and the structure and position of the side-chain. 15-Deacetylcalonectrin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 15-deacetylcalonectrin is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 15-Deacetylcalonectrin is a potentially toxic compound. 
69117
3-formylsalicylic acid is a hydroxybenzoic acid that is salicylic acid in which the hydrogen at position 3 is substituted by a formyl group. It is an aldehyde, a member of phenols and a monohydroxybenzoic acid. It derives from a salicylic acid. 
17525
Hexyl butyrate is a fatty acid ester obtained by the formal condensation of hexanol with butyric acid. It has a role as an animal metabolite. It derives from a butyric acid and a hexan-1-ol. 
6547
Insoluble in water and denser than water. Moderately toxic by ingestion. Readily ignited by sparks or flames. Burns intensely and persistently. Toxic oxides of nitrogen produced during combustion. Used as a catalyst, in vinyl polymerizations and a blowing agent for plastics. 
526487
3-Mercapto-3-methylbutyl formate, also known as 3-methyl-3-sulfanylbutyl formate or fema 3855, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). 3-Mercapto-3-methylbutyl formate is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3-mercapto-3-methylbutyl formate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 3-Mercapto-3-methylbutyl formate is a cat, fruity, and herbal tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 3-mercapto-3-methylbutyl formate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
10132
Oxomalonic acid is an oxo dicarboxylic acid. It derives from a malonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an oxomalonate(1-). 
10051544
All-trans-retinyl tetradecanoate is an all-trans-retinyl ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of tetradecanoic acid with the hydroxy group of all-trans-retinol. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is an all-trans-retinyl ester and a tetradecanoate ester. 
12073
3,4-dimethylbenzoic acid is a dimethylbenzoic acid in which the two methyl groups are located at positions 3 and 4. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,4-dimethylbenzoate. 
31101
Bromocriptine is an indole alkaloid. It has a role as an antiparkinson drug, a hormone antagonist, a dopamine agonist and an antidyskinesia agent. It derives from a hydride of an ergotaman. Bromocriptine is a semisynthetic, ergot alkaloid with antiparkinson and lactation inhibitory activities. Bromocriptine selectively binds to and activates the postsynaptic dopamine D2-like receptors in the corpus striatum of the central nervous system (CNS). D2-like receptors are coupled to inhibitory G-proteins, which inhibit adenylyl cyclase, thereby preventing signal transduction mediated via cAMP and leading to an inhibitory effect on neurotransmission. This improves Parkinson symptoms, such as dyskinesia. Bromocriptine also has an inhibitory effect on the anterior pituitary gland, which results in blockage of prolactin secretion, thereby suppressing lactation. 
25058086
Jerantinine E is an indole alkaloid that is the 14-15-dihydro derivative of jerantinine A. Isolated from Tabernaemontana corymbosa, it exhibits cytotoxicity against human KB cells. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is an alkaloid ester, an indole alkaloid, an aromatic ether, a member of phenols, a methyl ester and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. It derives from a jerantinine A. 
103788
3-(Methylthio)-2-butanone, also known as 3-(methylsulfanyl)-2-butanone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. 3-(Methylthio)-2-butanone is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3-(methylthio)-2-butanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
84265
N-acetyl-alpha-D-galactosamine is an N-acetyl-D-galactosamine having alpha-configuration at the anomeric centre. It has a role as an epitope. It derives from an alpha-D-galactosamine. 
5753
Corticosterone is a 21-hydroxy steroid that consists of pregn-4-ene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 11 and 21 and oxo groups at positions 3 and 20. Corticosterone is a 21-carbon steroid hormone of the corticosteroid type produced in the cortex of the adrenal glands. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a C21-steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a glucocorticoid. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. 
82400
Alpha-D-glucose 1,6-bisphosphate is a D-glucose 1,6-bisphosphate in which both phosphate groups are monophosphates. It has a role as a human metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from an alpha-D-glucose. It is a conjugate acid of an alpha-D-glucose 1,6-bisphosphate(4-). 
105097
2-Amino-5-phenylpyridine, also known as 5-phenyl-2-pyridinamine or phe-p-1, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpyridines. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring linked to a pyridine ring through a CC or CN bond. 2-Amino-5-phenylpyridine exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-amino-5-phenylpyridine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
13624
2-aminobenzimidazole is a member of the class of benzimidazoles that is benzimidazole in which the hydrogen at position 2 is replaced by an amino group. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. 
442619
Neoschaftoside is a flavone C-glycoside that is apigenin attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyl and a beta-L-arabinopyranosyl residues at positions 6 and 8 respectively via C-glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a flavone C-glycoside and a dihydroxyflavone. It derives from an apigenin. 
24947
Cadmium chloride is a white crystalline solid. It is soluble in water. It is noncombustible. The primary hazard of this material is that it poses a threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Cadmium chloride is used in photography, in fabric printing, in chemical analysis, and in many other uses. Cadmium dichloride is a cadmium coordination entity in which cadmium(2+) and Cl(-) ions are present in the ratio 2:1. Although considered to be ionic, it has considerable covalent character to its bonding. Cadmium Chloride is a whitish, crystalline, inorganic compound that forms toxic fumes of cadmium oxides when heated. Cadmium chloride is used in electroplating, printing, photocopying, dyeing, mirrors, vacuum tubes, lubricants, analytical chemistry and as a chemical intermediate to produce cadmium containing pigments and stabilizers. Exposure to this substance irritates the eyes, skin and respiratory tract and causes damage to the lungs resulting in shortness of breath, chest pain and pulmonary edema, and can also damage the kidneys causing proteinuria and decreased renal function. Cadmium chloride is a known carcinogen and is associated with an elevated risk of developing lung cancer. (NCI05) 
5371560
Dicrotophos appears as a yellow to brown liquid with a mild ester odor. Used to control sucking, boring, and chewing pests on rice, cotton, coffee, apples, and other crops. Effective on ornamentals, trees, and shrubs for aphids, leaf hoppers, and scale insects. (EPA, 1998) Dicrotophos is a dialkyl phosphate and an organophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide, an avicide and an agrochemical. 
912
N-Methylhistamine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aralkylamines. These are alkylamines in which the alkyl group is substituted at one carbon atom by an aromatic hydrocarbyl group. N-Methylhistamine is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
12405
N-docosane is a solid. Insoluble in water. Used in organic synthesis, calibration, and temperature sensing equipment. Docosane is a straight-chain alkane with 22 carbon atoms. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
11087
2-nitrobenzoic acid is a nitrobenzoic acid carrying the nitro substituent at position 2. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-nitrobenzoate. 
3084462
Hexacosanal is a long-chain fatty aldehyde resulting from the formal oxidation of the hydroxy group of hexacosan-1-ol. It is a minor component of barley leaf wax. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty aldehyde and a 2,3-saturated fatty aldehyde. It derives from a hydride of a hexacosane. 
222757
17beta-estradiol 3-benzoate is a benzoate ester resulting from the formal condensation of benzoic acid with the phenolic hydroxy group of 17beta-estradiol. It has a role as a xenoestrogen and an estrogen receptor agonist. It is a benzoate ester and a 17beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a 17beta-estradiol. Estradiol Benzoate is the synthetic benzoate ester of estradiol, a steroid sex hormone vital to the maintenance of fertility and secondary sexual characteristics in females. As the primary, most potent estrogen hormone produced by the ovaries, estradiol binds to and activates specific nuclear receptors. This agent exhibits mild anabolic and metabolic properties, and increases blood coagulability. (NCI04) 
126941
Methotrexate is an odorless yellow to orange-brown crystalline powder. (NTP, 1992)  It is a chemotherapy drug that interferes with DNA and RNA synthesis. Methotrexate is a member of pteridines, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a dicarboxylic acid. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antirheumatic drug, an EC 1.5.1.3 (dihydrofolate reductase) inhibitor, a DNA synthesis inhibitor, an abortifacient, a dermatologic drug, an antimetabolite and an immunosuppressive agent. It derives from a L-glutamic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a methotrexate(1-). Methotrexate is an antimetabolite and antifolate agent with antineoplastic and immunosuppressant activities. Methotrexate binds to and inhibits the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase, resulting in inhibition of purine nucleotide and thymidylate synthesis and, subsequently, inhibition of DNA and RNA syntheses. Methotrexate also exhibits potent immunosuppressant activity although the mechanism(s) of actions is unclear. 
443294
E3040 glucuronide is a member of the class of benzothiazoles that is E3040 in which the hydroxy hydrogen at position 6 has been replaced by a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid group. It is a metabolite of the anti-inflammatory drug, E3040. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid, a member of pyridines, a member of benzothiazoles and a secondary amino compound. It derives from an E3040. It is a conjugate acid of a 5,7-dimethyl-2-methylamino-4-(3-pyridylmethyl)-1,3-benzothiazol-6-yl beta-D-glucuronide(1-). 
46224587
PIM6 is a phosphatidylinositol mannoside having the phosphatidyl moiety (with specific O-acyl groups) at the 1-position, a single mannosyl residue at the 2-position and a linear pentamannoside at position 6 of the inositol ring. It has a role as an antigen. 
73178
1,2,3,6-tetrakis-O-galloyl-beta-D-glucose is a galloyl-beta-D-glucose compound having four galloyl groups in the 1-, 2-, 3- and 6-positions. It is a gallate ester and a galloyl beta-D-glucose. 
5459862
D-erythrose 4-phosphate(2-) is an erythrose phosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a D-erythrose. It is a conjugate base of a D-erythrose 4-phosphate. 
611
Glutamic acid is an alpha-amino acid that is glutaric acid bearing a single amino substituent at position 2. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is an alpha-amino acid and a polar amino acid. It contains a 2-carboxyethyl group. It is a conjugate acid of a glutamate(1-). 
8096
3, 3'-Thiobispropanoic acid, also known as thiodipropionic acid or 4-thiaheptanedioic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dicarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing exactly two carboxylic acid groups. 3, 3'-Thiobispropanoic acid exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3, 3'-thiobispropanoic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
12310779
L-galactonic acid is a galactonic acid compound having L-configuration. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a L-galactonate. It is an enantiomer of a D-galactonic acid. 
5599
2-imino-3-(indol-3-yl)propanoic acid is a dehydroamino acid that is tryptophan in which the amino group has been oxidised to the corresponding imine. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a dehydroamino acid, a ketimine, a tryptophan derivative and a member of indoles. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-imino-3-(indol-3-yl)propanoate. It is a tautomer of an alpha,beta-didehydrotryptophan and a 2-iminio-3-(indol-3-yl)propanoate. 
92105
N(tele)-methyl-L-histidine is a L-histidine derivative in which the methyl group is at N(tele)-position. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a L-histidine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
151187
O-phospho-L-homoserine is the L-enantiomer of O-phosphohomoserine. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an O-phosphonato-L-homoserine(2-). 
525782
5-Ethyl-2-hexyl-4-methyloxazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. 5-Ethyl-2-hexyl-4-methyloxazole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 5-ethyl-2-hexyl-4-methyloxazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 5-ethyl-2-hexyl-4-methyloxazole can be found in potato. This makes 5-ethyl-2-hexyl-4-methyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
240452
5-(4-Hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl)pentanoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. 5-(4-Hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl)pentanoic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
160614
5,6-didehydrosparteine is a quinolizidine alkaloid obtained by formal dehydrogenation at the 5,6-position of sparteine. It is a metabolite of sparteine found in human urine and plasma. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a quinolizidine alkaloid, a tertiary amino compound and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. It derives from a sparteine. 
2971
6-decylubiquinone is a member of the class of 1,4-benzoquinones that is 2,3-dimethoxybenzoquinone which has been substituted at positions 5 and 6 by decyl and methyl groups. It has a role as a cofactor. It derives from a 6-decylubiquinol. 
13246
Cyclododecanone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. Cyclododecanone exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, cyclododecanone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, cyclododecanone can be found in tea. This makes cyclododecanone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
106530
Diisopentyl thiomalate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Diisopentyl thiomalate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Diisopentyl thiomalate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, diisopentyl thiomalate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Diisopentyl thiomalate has a bread, coffee, and dark taste. 
3517
Guanabenz, also known as extraneal or adept, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dichlorobenzenes. Dichlorobenzenes are compounds containing a benzene with exactly two chlorine atoms attached to it. Guanabenz is a drug which is used for management of high blood pressure. Guanabenz exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Guanabenz has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, guanabenz is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
25244017
S-(hydroxymethyl)glutathione(1-) is conjugate base of S-(hydroxymethyl)glutathione. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a S-(hydroxymethyl)glutathione. 
6327
Methyl chloride appears as a colorless gas with a faint sweet odor. Shipped as a liquid under its vapor pressure. A leak may either be liquid or vapor. Contact with the liquid may cause frostbite by evaporative cooling. Easily ignited. Vapors heavier than air. Can asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. Used to make other chemicals and as a herbicide. Chloromethane is a one-carbon compound that is methane in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by a chloro group. It has a role as a refrigerant, a mutagen and a marine metabolite. It is a member of methyl halides and a member of chloromethanes. Methyl Chloride is a colorless, flammable, toxic gas that was used widely as a refrigerant and has many current industrial applications, including use as a local anesthetic, a chemical intermediate in silicone polymer production and drug manufacturing, an extractant for oils and resins, a solvent in butyl rubber and petroleum refining, a propellant in polystyrene foam production, a methylating and chlorinating agent in organic chemistry and an herbicide. Exposure to methyl chloride can cause a wide variety of issues from frostbite, drowsiness and dizziness to paralysis, seizures and coma depending on the route and level (concentration and duration) of exposure. 
135536952
Ceftobiprole is a broad-spectrum, fifth-generation, pyrrolidinone cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Ceftobiprole binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
8432
1-Phenylethyl propanoate, also known as styrallyl propionate or fema 2689, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. 1-Phenylethyl propanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1-phenylethyl propanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 1-Phenylethyl propanoate has a sweet, floral, and fresh taste. 
440473
L-mimosine is an L-alpha-amino acid that is propionic acid substituted by an amino group at position 2 and a 3-hydroxy-4-oxopyridin-1(4H)-yl group at position 3 (the 2S-stereoisomer). It a non-protein plant amino acid isolated from Mimosa pudica. It has a role as an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a member of 4-pyridones. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a L-mimosine(1-). It is a tautomer of a L-mimosine zwitterion. 
25074411
Ubiquinol-8 is a ubiquinol in which the polyprenyl substituent is octaprenyl. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is an ubiquinol and a polyprenylhydroquinone. 
5281401
Geissospermine is a indole alkaloid comprising two indole-derived polycyclic moieties joined by a cyclic ether linkage. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor. It is an indole alkaloid, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a methyl ester. It derives from a hydride of a corynan. 
4736
Talwin is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. 
134018
Febuxostat is a 1,3-thiazolemonocarboxylic acid that is 4-methyl-1,3-thiazole-5-carboxylic acid which is substituted by a 3-cyano-4-(2-methylpropoxy)phenyl group at position 2. It is an orally-active, potent, and selective xanthine oxidase inhibitor used for the treatment of chronic hyperuricaemia in patients with gout. It has a role as an EC 1.17.3.2 (xanthine oxidase) inhibitor. It is an aromatic ether, a nitrile and a 1,3-thiazolemonocarboxylic acid. Febuxostat is an orally available, non-purine inhibitor of xanthine oxidase with uric acid lowering activity. Upon oral administration, febuxostat selectively and noncompetitively inhibits the activity of xanthine oxidase, an enzyme that converts oxypurines, including hypoxanthine and xanthine, into uric acid. By inhibiting xanthine oxidase, uric acid production is reduced and serum uric acid levels are lowered. Febuxostat may provide protection against acute renal failure caused by the excessive release of uric acid that occurs upon massive tumor cell lysis resulting from the treatment of some malignancies. 
367141
3-Galloylcatechin, also known as catechin gallate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as catechin gallates. These are organic compounds containing a gallate moiety glycosidically linked to a catechin. 3-Galloylcatechin is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3-galloylcatechin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 3-galloylcatechin can be found in a number of food items such as peanut, common hazelnut, pine nut, and almond. This makes 3-galloylcatechin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
5716901
(9R,13R)-1a,1b-dinor-10,11-dihydro-12-oxo-15-phytoenoic acid is a carbocyclic fatty acid that is hexanoic acid substituted at position 6 by a 3-oxo-2-{(Z)-pent-2-en-1-yl}cyclopentyl group. It is a carbocyclic fatty acid, a monounsaturated fatty acid, an oxo fatty acid and a member of cyclopentanones. It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (9R,13R)-1a,1b-dinor-10,11-dihydro-12-oxo-15-phytoenoate. 
11723
Dimethylethylamine, [liquid] appears as a clear colorless liquid with a strong odor that can vary from ammonia-like to fishlike. Vapors irritate the eyes and mucous membranes. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used in the manufacture of other chemicals. 
5366506
Spirilloxanthin is a carotenoid ether that is (3E,3'E)-1,1'-dihydroxy-3,3',4,4'-tetradehydro-1,1',2,2'-tetrahydro-psi,psi-carotene in which both hydroxyl hydrogens are replaced by methyl groups. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 
5280700
Ditrans,polycis-undecaprenyl diphosphate is an undecaprenyl diphosphate in which the eight double bonds closest to the phosphate group have Z configuration, while the next two double bonds have E configuration. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a ditrans,polycis-undecaprenyl diphosphate(3-). 
16832
, also known as fema 2950, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Thus, is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. is a berry, fresh, and fruity tasting compound that can be found in fruits and milk and milk products. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
143990
2, 5-Dimethyl-3-(methylthio)furan belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. 2, 5-Dimethyl-3-(methylthio)furan is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 5-dimethyl-3-(methylthio)furan is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 5-dimethyl-3-(methylthio)furan can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 2, 5-dimethyl-3-(methylthio)furan a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
9546744
1,2-di-[(9E)-octadecenoyl]-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine in which both acyl substituents are specified as (9E)-octadecenoyl. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 
121739
Propyl decanoate is a decanoate ester obtained by the formal condensation of carboxy group of decanoic acid with propanol. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a decanoic acid and a propan-1-ol. 
441251
7-O-methylluteone is a hydroxyisoflavone that is luteone in which the hydroxy group at position 7 is replaced by a methoxy group. It has a role as an EC 1.1.1.21 (aldehyde reductase) inhibitor and a metabolite. It is a hydroxyisoflavone and a member of 7-methoxyisoflavones. It derives from a luteone. It is a conjugate acid of a 7-O-methylluteone(1-). 
159296
Adenosine 3',5'-bismonophosphate is an adenosine bisphosphate having two monophosphate groups at the 3'- and 5'-positions. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an adenosine 3',5'-bismonophosphate(4-). 
6554
2-bromobutane appears as a colorless to pale-yellow colored liquid with a pleasant odor. Flash point 65°F. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Vapors are heavier than air and may be narcotic in high concentrations. Used to make other chemicals. 
441314
Miglitol is a desoxynojirimycin derivative and inhibitor of alpha-glucosidase with antihyperglycemic activity. Miglitol binds to and inhibits alpha-glucosidase, an enteric enzyme found in the brush border of the small intestines that hydrolyzes oligosaccharides and disaccharides into glucose and other monosaccharides. This prevents the breakdown of larger carbohydrates into glucose and decreases the rise in postprandial blood glucose levels. Compared to acarbose, miglitol is systemically absorbed. 
9131
Indeno[1,2,3-cd]pyrene is a yellowish, aromatic hydrocarbon consisting of six fused rings and produced by the incomplete combustion of organic matter. Indene[1,2,3-cd]pyrene is primarily found in certain foods, gasoline and diesel exhaust, cigarette smoke, coal tar and coal tar pitch, soot and petroleum asphalt. This substance is used only for research purposes. Indene[1,2,3-cd]pyrene is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
8635
Methyl anthranilate is a clear colorless to tan liquid with an odor of grapes. Has light blue fluorescence. (NTP, 1992) Methyl anthranilate is a benzoate ester that is the methyl ester of anthranilic acid. It has a role as a metabolite and a flavouring agent. It derives from an anthranilic acid. 
21310926
MMP9 inhibitor I is a hydroxamic acid that is N-hydroxy-3-methylbenzamide in which the the hydrogens at positions 2 and 5 have been replaced by benzyl[(4-methoxyphenyl)sulfonyl]amino and (diethylamino)methyl groups, respectively. It is a cell-permeable, potent, selective, and reversible inhibitor of matrix metallopeptidase-9 (MMP-9, EC 3.4.24.35). It has a role as an EC 3.4.24.35 (gelatinase B) inhibitor. It is a hydroxamic acid, a tertiary amino compound, a sulfonamide and an aromatic ether. 
336321
(±)-ribaline belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dihydrofuranoquinolines. These are organic heterocyclic compounds with a structure based on the dihydrofuranoquinoline skeleton (±)-ribaline exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (±)-ribaline is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (±)-ribaline can be found in herbs and spices. This makes (±)-ribaline a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
443198
2-C-methyl-D-erythritol 4-(dihydrogen phosphate) is a tetritol phosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-C-methyl-D-erythritol 4-phosphate(2-). 
14810
Phosphorus trioxide appears as white crystalline solid or a liquid (melting point 24°C). Density 2.14 g / cm3. Toxic and corrosive. May severely irritate skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. 
61663
5-Methyl-2-thiophenecarboxaldehyde, also known as 2-formyl-5-methylthiophene or 5-methyl-2-carboxaldehyde-thiophene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 5-disubstituted thiophenes. These are organic compounds containing a thiophene that is disubstituted at the C-2, and C5-positions. 5-Methyl-2-thiophenecarboxaldehyde is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 5-methyl-2-thiophenecarboxaldehyde is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 5-Methyl-2-thiophenecarboxaldehyde exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 5-Methyl-2-thiophenecarboxaldehyde has a sweet, acetophenone, and almond taste. 
135398604
Dihydrofolic acid is a folic acid derivative acted upon by dihydrofolate reductase to produce tetrahydrofolic acid. It interacts with bacteria during cell division and is targeted by various drugs to prevent nucleic acid synthesis. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a dihydrofolate(2-). 
5326150
Nostocarboline is a member of the class of beta-carbolines that is 9H-beta-carbolin-2-ium substituted by a chloro group at position 6 and a methyl group at position 2. It is isolated from a fresh water cyanobacterium Nostoc 78-12A and acts as an inhibitor of butyrylcholinesterase. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and an antimalarial. It is a member of beta-carbolines, an organochlorine compound, an organic cation and an alkaloid. 
12283
6-methyluracil is a pyrimidone that is uracil with a methyl group at position 6. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a uracil. 
102607
DL-6-Hydroxy stearic acid, also known as DL-6-hydroxy stearate or 18:0(6-OH), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 13 and 21 carbon atoms. DL-6-Hydroxy stearic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. DL-6-Hydroxy stearic acid has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, DL-6-hydroxy stearic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. 
469209
16beta,17-dihydroxy-ent-kaurane-19-oic acid is a ent-kaurane diterpenoid that is ent-kaurane-19-oic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 16 and 17 (the 16beta stereoisomer). It is isolated from Helianthus sp. and Annona squamosa and exhibits anti-HIV activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-HIV agent. It is an ent-kaurane diterpenoid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a diol, a tertiary alcohol, a primary alcohol and a bridged compound. 
5353853
Oxiconazole is an oxime O-ether that is the 2,4-dichlorobenzyl ether of the oxime obtained by formal condensation of hydroxylamine with the carbonyl group of acetopnenone in which the phenyl group is substituted by chlorines at positions 2 and 4, and in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group is replaced by a 1H-imidazol-1-yl group. An antifungal agent, it is used (generally as the nitrate salt) in creams and powders for the topical treatment of fungal skin infections. It has a role as an antiinfective agent. It is a member of imidazoles, an oxime O-ether, a dichlorobenzene, an imidazole antifungal drug and a conazole antifungal drug. It is a conjugate base of an oxiconazole(1+). Oxiconazole is a broad spectrum imidazole derivative with antifungal activity. Although the exact mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, oxiconazole, like other azole antifungals, most likely inhibits the cytochrome P450-dependent demethylation of lanosterol. This prevents the synthesis of ergosterol which is a crucial component of fungal cell membrane. By disrupting fungal cell membrane synthesis and integrity, oxiconazole alters fungal cell membrane permeability, promotes loss of essential intracellular components and eventually inhibits fungal cell growth. 
18409
Dicyclohexylammonium nitrite appears as a white to light-colored crystalline solid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may cause irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
6442658
Meso-zeaxanthin is a carotenol that is beta,beta-carotene carrying two hydroxy substituents at positions 3 and 3' (the 3R,3'S-diastereomer). It is rarely found in diet and is believed to be formed at the macula by metabolic transformations of ingested carotenoids. It has a role as an antioxidant, a marine metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. It derives from a hydride of a beta-carotene. 
636374
Alclometasone dipropionate is a prednisolone compound having an alpha-chloro substituent at the 7-position, an alpha-methyl substituent at the 16-position and O-propanoyl groups at the 17- and 21-positions. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug. It is a 20-oxo steroid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a glucocorticoid, a steroid ester, a propanoate ester, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid and a chlorinated steroid. It derives from a prednisolone. Alclometasone Dipropionate is the dipropionate salt form of alclometasone, a synthetic corticosteroid with low to medium potency. Alclometasone dipropionate is a glucocorticoid receptor agonist that mimics the metabolic, anti-inflammatory, immunosuppressive, antipruritic, and vasoconstrictive effects of natural glucocorticoids. This drug interacts with specific intracellular receptors and binds to DNA to modify gene expression. This results in an induction of synthesis of certain proteins while inhibiting the synthesis of others. Alclometasone dipropionate is used for the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. (NCI05) 
70133
4-hydroxy-2-methylacetophenone is a member of the class of acetophenones that is acetophenone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4 and a methyl group at position 2 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of acetophenones and a member of phenols. 
3394
Flurbiprofen is a monocarboxylic acid that is a 2-fluoro-[1,1'-biphenyl-4-yl] moiety linked to C-2 of propionic acid. A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic, it is used as a pre-operative anti-miotic as well as orally for arthritis or dental pain. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, an antipyretic and an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor. It is a fluorobiphenyl and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a propionic acid. It derives from a hydride of a biphenyl. Flurbiprofen is a derivative of propionic acid, and a phenylalkanoic acid derivative of non-steroidal antiinflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) with analgesic, antiinflammatory and antipyretic effects. Flurbiprofen non-selectively binds to and inhibits cyclooxygenase (COX). This results in a reduction of arachidonic acid conversion into prostaglandins that are involved in the regulation of pain, inflammation and fever. This NSAID also inhibits carbonic anhydrase, thereby reducing the production of hydrogen and bicarbonate ions. Upon ocular administration, flurbiprofen may reduce bicarbonate ion concentrations leading to a decrease in the production of aqueous humor, thereby lowering intraocular pressure. 
5319879
2-oleoylglycerol is a 2-monoglyceride where the acyl group is (9Z)-octadecenoyl. It is a monooleoylglycerol and a 2-acylglycerol 18:1. It derives from an oleic acid. 
19395
Tetraethyl dithiopyrophosphate is an organic phosphate pesticide which acts as an inhibitor of cholinesterase, and as such it is highly toxic by all routes of exposure. It is a colorless to pale yellow mobile oil with an odor of garlic. It may be found as a liquid or as a dry mixture where the liquid is absorbed onto a dry carrier. Sulfotep is an organic thiophosphate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. It derives from a dithiodiphosphoric acid. 
185795
Apiferol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavan-4-ols. These are flavans that bear and hydroxyl group at position 4 (B ring), but not at the 3-position. Thus, apiferol is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. Apiferol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, apiferol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, apiferol can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes apiferol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
124025
Proanthocyanidin A2 is a proanthocyanidin obtained by the condensation of (-)-epicatechin units. It has a role as an antioxidant, an anti-HIV agent, a metabolite and an angiogenesis modulating agent. It is a hydroxyflavan and a proanthocyanidin. It derives from a (-)-epicatechin. 
61261
2-(Methylthio)phenol, also known as 2-methylsulphanylphenol or 2-hydroxythioanisole, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. 2-(Methylthio)phenol is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-(methylthio)phenol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-(Methylthio)phenol is an egg, garlic, and meaty tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 2-(methylthio)phenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
92832
N(6)-acetyl-L-lysine is an N(6)-acyl-L-lysine where the N(6)-acyl group is specified as acetyl. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a N(6)-acyl-L-lysine and an acetyl-L-lysine. It is a tautomer of a N(6)-acetyl-L-lysine zwitterion. 
10961
Barium cyanide appears as a white crystalline solid. Toxic by skin absorption through open wounds, by ingestion, and by inhalation of hydrogen cyanide from decomposition. Toxic oxides of nitrogen are produced in fires involving this material. 
144746
Valyl-phenylalanine, also known as V-F dipeptide or val-phe, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Valyl-phenylalanine is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Valyl-phenylalanine has been primarily detected in feces. 
5317000
Ecgonine is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
36247
14-methylpentadecanoic acid is a methyl-branched fatty acid that is pentadecanoic acid substituted by a methyl group at position 14. It is a biomarker for rheumatoid arthritis. It has a role as a biomarker and a mammalian metabolite. It is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid, a methyl-branched fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. It derives from a pentadecanoic acid. 
439762
Sucrose 6(F)-phosphate is a disaccharide phosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a sucrose. It is a conjugate acid of a sucrose 6(F)-phosphate(2-). 
165198
3,4-dihydroxyphenylpyruvic acid is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is pyruvic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a 3,4-dihydroxyphenyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a pyruvic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,4-dihydroxyphenylpyruvate. 
248153
(1-hydroxycyclohexyl)acetic acid is a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid consisting of cyclohexane carrying carboxymethyl and hydroxy substituents both at the 1-position. It derives from an acetic acid. 
160490
Matteucinol is a dihydroxyflavanone that is (2S)-flavanone with hydroxy groups at positions 5 and 7, methyl groups at positions 6 and 8 and a methoxy group at position 4'. It has a role as a radical scavenger and a plant metabolite. It is a dihydroxyflavanone, a monomethoxyflavanone and a member of 4'-methoxyflavanones. It derives from a (2S)-flavanone. 
443745
(-)-tortuosamine is 5,6,7,8-Tetrahydroquinoline in whith the hydrogens at position 6 are substituted by a 3-azabutyl group and a 3,4-dimethoxyphenyl group. (S configuration). It is found in the herb kanna (Sceletium tortuosum). It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
6325460
Kaempferol 3,7-di-O-beta-D-glucoside is a glycosyloxyflavone that is kaempferol having two beta-D-glucosyl residues attached at positions O-3 and O-7. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a dihydroxyflavone, a beta-D-glucoside, a monosaccharide derivative, a polyphenol and a kaempferol O-glucoside. 
6929
2, 6-Di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxymethylphenol, also known as 4-hydroxymethyl-2, 6-di-tert-butylphenol or 3, 5-di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxy-benzyl alcohol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. 2, 6-Di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxymethylphenol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2, 6-di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxymethylphenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
558221
(R)-Ar-turmerone, also known as aromatic turmerone or turmerone (-ar), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units (R)-Ar-turmerone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (R)-ar-turmerone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (R)-ar-turmerone can be found in herbs and spices and turmeric. This makes (R)-ar-turmerone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
8260
Ethyltrichlorosilane appears as a colorless fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point 57°F. Boiling point 211.1°F (99.5°C). Vapor and liquid may cause burns. Denser than water. Vapors heavier than air. 
17170
Auramine O is a hydrochloride obtained by combining 4,4'-carbonimidoylbis(N,N-dimethylaniline) with one molar equivalent of hydrogen chloride. A fluorescent stain for demonstrating acid fast organisms in a method similar to the Ziehl Neelsen. It also can be used to make a fluorescent Schiff reagent. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It contains an auramine O(1+). 
9444
5-azacytidine is an N-glycosyl-1,3,5-triazine that is 4-amino-1,3,5-triazin-2(1H)-one substituted by a beta-D-ribofuranosyl residue via an N-glycosidic linkage. An antineoplastic agent, it is used in the treatment of myeloid leukaemia. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a N-glycosyl-1,3,5-triazine and a nucleoside analogue. It derives from a beta-D-ribose. Azacitidine is a pyrimidine nucleoside analogue of cytidine with antineoplastic activity. Azacitidine is incorporated into DNA, where it reversibly inhibits DNA methyltransferase, thereby blocking DNA methylation. Hypomethylation of DNA by azacitidine may activate tumor suppressor genes silenced by hypermethylation, resulting in an antitumor effect. This agent is also incorporated into RNA, thereby disrupting normal RNA function and impairing tRNA cytosine-5-methyltransferase activity. (NCI04) 
11329481
Methotrexate disodium is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of methotrexate. It has a role as an EC 1.5.1.3 (dihydrofolate reductase) inhibitor. It contains a methotrexate(2-). Methotrexate Sodium is the sodium salt of methotrexate, an antimetabolite with antineoplastic and immunomodulating properties. Methotrexate binds to and inhibits the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase, resulting in inhibition of purine nucleotide and thymidylate synthesis and, subsequently, inhibition of DNA and RNA syntheses. Methotrexate also exhibits potent immunosuppressant properties. (NCI04) 
9903
Hexagonal leaflets (from alcohols) or prisms (from acetic acid) or white powder. (NTP, 1992) Lithocholic acid is a monohydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid with a alpha-hydroxy substituent at position 3. It is a bile acid obtained from chenodeoxycholic acid by bacterial action. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a bile acid, a monohydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid and a C24-steroid. It is a conjugate acid of a lithocholate. 
443447
Gibberellin A51-catabolite is a tetracyclic diterpenoid obtained by catabolism of gibberellin A51. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a dicarboxylic acid, an enone and a tetracyclic diterpenoid. It derives from a gibberellin A51. It derives from a hydride of an ent-gibberellane. 
529068
Pyrrolidino-[1, 2E]-4H-2, 4-dimethyl-1, 3, 5-dithiazine, also known as pyrrolidino[1, 2-e]-4h-1, 3, 5-dithiazine, 2, 4-dimethyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3, 5-dithiazinanes. These are cyclic compounds that contain a dithiazinane ring, which is a saturated heterocycle that consisting of one nitrogen atom, two sulfur atoms at the 1-, 3-, and 5- position, respectively. Pyrrolidino-[1, 2E]-4H-2, 4-dimethyl-1, 3, 5-dithiazine is slightly soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, pyrrolidino-[1, 2E]-4H-2, 4-dimethyl-1, 3, 5-dithiazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Pyrrolidino-[1, 2E]-4H-2, 4-dimethyl-1, 3, 5-dithiazine has a cooked, meaty, and roasted taste. 
123570
3-Thiophenemethanol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. 3-Thiophenemethanol is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3-thiophenemethanol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
436072
Medicagenic acid, also known as medicagenate or catsanogenin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Medicagenic acid exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, medicagenic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, medicagenic acid can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes medicagenic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
135398558
(6S)-5-formyltetrahydrofolate(2-) is a dicarboxylic acid dianion arising from deprotonation of both carboxylic acid groups of (6S)-5-formyltetrahydrofolic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a (6S)-5-formyltetrahydrofolic acid. 
135193
N(gamma)-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester hydrochloride is a hydrochloride obtained by combining N(gamma)-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester with one equivalent of hydrochloric acid. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. It contains a N(gamma)-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester(1+). 
74786
Ethyl 4-pentenoate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Ethyl 4-pentenoate is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Ethyl 4-pentenoate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, ethyl 4-pentenoate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Ethyl 4-pentenoate has a caramel, fruity, and green taste. 
71464689
Asp-Leu-Asp-Gln is a tetrapeptide composed of L-aspartic acid, L-leucine, L-aspartic acid, and L-glutamine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-aspartic acid, a L-leucine and a L-glutamine. 
528707
2-Hydroxy-3, 4, 5-trimethyl-2-cyclopenten-1-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. 2-Hydroxy-3, 4, 5-trimethyl-2-cyclopenten-1-one is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-hydroxy-3, 4, 5-trimethyl-2-cyclopenten-1-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2-hydroxy-3, 4, 5-trimethyl-2-cyclopenten-1-one can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 2-hydroxy-3, 4, 5-trimethyl-2-cyclopenten-1-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
446154
Mevinic acid is a member of the class of hexahydronaphthalenes that is 1,2,6,7,8,8a-hexahydronaphthalene which is substituted by a (3R,5R)-6-carboxy-3,5-dihydroxyhexyl group at position 1, a methyl group at position 2, and a (2S)-2-methylbutanoyloxy group at position 8 (the 1S,2S,8S,8aR isomer). Lactonisation of the hydroxy-carboxylic acid chain at position 1 affords mevastatin. It has a role as an EC 1.1.1.34/EC 1.1.1.88 (hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase) inhibitor. It is a 3-hydroxy carboxylic acid, a member of hexahydronaphthalenes, a polyketide and a carboxylic ester. It is a conjugate acid of a mevinic acid anion. 
171386
Cystathionine sulfoxide belongs to the class of organic compounds known as l-alpha-amino acids. These are alpha amino acids which have the L-configuration of the alpha-carbon atom. Cystathionine sulfoxide is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, cystathionine sulfoxide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
17563
XMC is a carbamate ester. It has a role as a carbamate insecticide, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and an agrochemical. It derives from a methylcarbamic acid and a 3,5-xylenol. 
441069
(S)-norreticuline is a norreticuline. It has a role as an EC 2.1.1.116 [3'-hydroxy-N-methyl-(S)-coclaurine 4'-O-methyltransferase] inhibitor. It is a conjugate base of a (S)-norreticuline(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (R)-norreticuline. 
158634
4-(3, 7-Dimethylocta-2, 6-dien-1-yl)-5-(6-hydroxy-1-benzofuran-2-yl)benzene-1, 3-diol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2-arylbenzofuran flavonoids. These are phenylpropanoids containing the 2-phenylbenzofuran moiety. 4-(3, 7-Dimethylocta-2, 6-dien-1-yl)-5-(6-hydroxy-1-benzofuran-2-yl)benzene-1, 3-diol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
42601513
Syringolin A is a syrbactin that has a (3E,9E)-2,7-dioxo-1,6-diazacyclododeca-3,9-diene skeleton that is substituted by an isopropyl group at position 5 and by a [(2S)-2-({[(1S)-1-carboxy-2-methylpropyl]carbamoyl}amino)-3-methylbutanoyl]nitrilo group at the 8-pro-S position. It is produced by the pathogenic bacterium Pseudomonas syringae pv. syringae. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a member of ureas, a monocarboxylic acid, a syrbactin and a homodetic cyclic peptide. 
20055509
Scopolamine hydrobromide trihydrate appears as white orthorhombic sphenoidal crystals from water. pH of 0.05 molar solution: 5.85. (NTP, 1992) Scopolamine hydrobromide trihydrate is a hydrate that is the trihydrate form of scopolamine hydrobromide. It has a role as a mydriatic agent, a muscarinic antagonist, an anaesthesia adjuvant, an antispasmodic drug and an antiemetic. It contains a scopolamine hydrobromide (anhydrous). Scopolamine Hydrobromide is the hydrobromide salt form of scopolamine, a tropane alkaloid derived from plants of the nightshade family (Solanaceae), specifically Hyoscyamus niger and Atropa belladonna, with anticholinergic, antiemetic and antivertigo properties. Structurally similar to acetylcholine, scopolamine antagonizes acetylcholine activity mediated by muscarinic receptors located on structures innervated by postganglionic cholinergic nerves as well as on smooth muscles that respond to acetylcholine but lack cholinergic innervation. The agent is used to cause mydriasis, cycloplegia, to control the secretion of saliva and gastric acid, to slow gut motility, and prevent vomiting. 
104741
Fulvestrant is a 3-hydroxy steroid that is 17beta-estradiol in which the 7alpha hydrogen has been replaced by a nonyl group in which one of the hydrogens of the terminal methyl has been replaced by a (4,4,5,5,5-pentafluoropentyl)sulfinyl group. An estrogen receptor antagonist, it is used in the treatment of breast cancer. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an estrogen receptor antagonist and an estrogen antagonist. It is a 3-hydroxy steroid, a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, an organofluorine compound and a sulfoxide. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. Fulvestrant is a synthetic estrogen receptor antagonist. Unlike tamoxifen (which has partial agonist effects) and the aromatase inhibitors (which reduce the estrogen available to tumor cells), fulvestrant binds competitively to estrogen receptors in breast cancer cells, resulting in estrogen receptor deformation and decreased estrogen binding. In vitro studies indicate that fulvestrant reversibly inhibits the growth of tamoxifen-resistant, estrogen-sensitive, human breast cancer cell lines. (NCI04) 
110968
2-Ethyl-1-hexanethiol, also known as 2-(mercaptomethyl)heptane or 2-ethylhexylmercaptan, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. 2-Ethyl-1-hexanethiol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-ethyl-1-hexanethiol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
110747
3, 7-Dimethyloctanal, also known as 6, 7-dihydrocitronellal or tetrahydrocitral, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain aldehydes. These are an aldehyde with a chain length containing between 6 and 12 carbon atoms. 3, 7-Dimethyloctanal is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3, 7-dimethyloctanal is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 3, 7-Dimethyloctanal has an aldehydic, citrus, and green taste. 
7010590
Ala-Ala-Gly is a tripeptide composed of two L-alanine units and a glycine joined by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine and a glycine. 
229387
, also known as navan or decyl butyrate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. Thus, is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. has a slightly rose, sweet, and fruity taste. 
54610154
Etoposide and teniposide are semisynthetic analogues of podophyllotoxin that are used as antineoplastic agents in the therapy of several forms of solid tumors, leukemia and lymphoma, usually in combination with other agents. Both etoposide and teniposide are associated with an appreciable rate of serum enzyme elevations during therapy, and high doses have been implicated in causing clinically apparent acute liver injury including sinusoidal obstruction syndrome. Teniposide is a semisynthetic derivative of podophyllotoxin with antineoplastic activity. Teniposide forms a ternary complex with the enzyme topoisomerase II and DNA, resulting in dose-dependent single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA, DNA: protein cross-links, inhibition of DNA strand religation, and cytotoxicity. This agent acts in the late S or early G phase of the cell cycle. (NCI04) 
73332
1-(5-isoquinolinesulfonyl)-2-methylpiperazine dihydrochloride is a hydrochloride salt prepared from anileridine and two molar equivalents of hydrogen chloride. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.13 (protein kinase C) inhibitor. It contains a 1-(5-isoquinolinesulfonyl)-2-methylpiperazine(2+). 
333445
Arginyl-leucine, also known as R-L dipeptide or arg-leu, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Arginyl-leucine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Arginyl-leucine has been primarily detected in feces. 
409694
3-sulfopropanoic acid is a carboxyalkanesulfonic acid that is the C-sulfo derivative of propanoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a propionic acid. 
439774
3-dehydroshikimic acid is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is shikimic acid in which the allylic hydroxy group has been oxidised to the corresponding keto group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid, a 4-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a 5-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a shikimic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-dehydroshikimate. 
160654
17-Hydroxymethylethisterone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as androgens and derivatives. These are 3-hydroxylated C19 steroid hormones. They are known to favor the development of masculine characteristics. They also show profound effects on scalp and body hair in humans. 17-Hydroxymethylethisterone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 17-Hydroxymethylethisterone has been found in human hepatic tissue, liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 17-hydroxymethylethisterone is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
61700
2-Methyl-5-isopropylpyrazine, also known as 2-isopropyl-5-methyl-pyrazine or fema 3554, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. 2-Methyl-5-isopropylpyrazine is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-methyl-5-isopropylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Methyl-5-isopropylpyrazine exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 2-Methyl-5-isopropylpyrazine is a coffee, earthy, and green tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as potato, coffee and coffee products, root vegetables, and cocoa and cocoa products. This makes 2-methyl-5-isopropylpyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
11039
Methyl isobutyrate is the fatty acid methyl ester of isobutyric acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an isobutyric acid. 
61629
Calcium perchlorate is a white to yellow crystalline solid. Density 2.651 g / cm3. Contact may irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. 
117899486
Cevimeline Hydrochloride is a cholinergic analogue with glandular secretion stimulatory activity. Cevimeline binds to and activates muscarinic receptors, thereby increasing the secretions in exocrine salivary and sweat glands. This cholinergic agonist also increases the tone of smooth muscle in the gastrointestinal and urinary tracts. Cevimeline is being studied as a treatment for dry mouth caused by radiation therapy to the head and neck. 
138115011
Lanreotide Acetate is the acetate salt of a synthetic cyclic octapeptide analogue of somatostatin. Lanreotide binds to somatostatin receptors (SSTR), specifically SSTR-2 and also to SSTR-5 with a lesser affinity. However, compare with octreotide, this agent is less potent in inhibiting the release of growth hormone from the pituitary gland. Furthermore, lanreotide has an acute effect on decreasing circulating total and free insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-I). This agent is usually given as a prolonged-release microparticle or Autogel formulation for the treatment of acromegaly and to relieve the symptoms of neuroendocrine tumors. 
447628
1-[(1S,3S,4R,5S)-3-hydroxy-4-(hydroxymethyl)bicyclo[3.1.0]hexan-1-yl]thymine is a carbobicyclic compound that is bicyclo[3.1.0]hexane which is substituted at the 1-pro-S, 3-pro-S, and 4-pro-R positions by thymin-1-yl, hydroxy, and hydroxymethyl groups, respectively. It is a pyrimidone, a carbobicyclic compound, a C-glycosyl pyrimidine, a primary alcohol and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a thymine. 
967
Orotic acid appears as white crystals or crystalline powder. (NTP, 1992) Orotic acid is a pyrimidinemonocarboxylic acid that is uracil bearing a carboxy substituent at position C-6. It has a role as a metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a uracil. It is a conjugate acid of an orotate. 
23581798
Scopolamine hydrobromide appears as colorless crystals or white powder or solid. Has no odor. pH (of 5% solution): 4-5.5. Slightly efflorescent in dry air. Bitter, acrid taste. (NTP, 1992) Scopolamine Hydrobromide is the hydrobromide salt form of scopolamine, a tropane alkaloid derived from plants of the nightshade family (Solanaceae), specifically Hyoscyamus niger and Atropa belladonna, with anticholinergic, antiemetic and antivertigo properties. Structurally similar to acetylcholine, scopolamine antagonizes acetylcholine activity mediated by muscarinic receptors located on structures innervated by postganglionic cholinergic nerves as well as on smooth muscles that respond to acetylcholine but lack cholinergic innervation. The agent is used to cause mydriasis, cycloplegia, to control the secretion of saliva and gastric acid, to slow gut motility, and prevent vomiting. 
72551457
(2R,3R)-trans-fertaric acid is a cinnamate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of trans-ferulic acid with one of the hydroxy groups of L-tartaric acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a ferulic acid and a L-tartaric acid. It is an enantiomer of a (2S,3S)-trans-fertaric acid. 
454891
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pterocarpans. These are benzo-pyrano-furano-benzene compounds, containing the 6H-[1]benzofuro[3, 2-c]chromene skeleton. They are derivatives of isoflavonoids. Thus, is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in green vegetables. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
6971033
L-dopa zwitterion is an amino acid zwitterion obtained from the transfer of a proton from the carboxy group to the amino group of L-dopa. Major microspecies at pH 7.3. It is an enantiomer of a D-dopa zwitterion. It is a tautomer of a L-dopa. 
488
S-Formylglutathionate(1-) belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligopeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of between three and ten alpha-amino acids joined by peptide bonds. S-Formylglutathionate(1-) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
14421
Aflatoxin g belongs to the class of organic compounds known as difurocoumarolactones. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a delta-valerolactone ring fused to the coumarin moiety of the difurocoumarin skeleton. Aflatoxin g exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, aflatoxin g is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Aflatoxin g is formally rated as a carcinogen (by IARC 1) and is also a potentially toxic compound. 
23673837
Dioctyl sodium sulfosuccinate is an odorless colorless to white waxy solid. Sinks and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) Docusate Sodium is the sodium salt of docusate, a dioctyl salt and an emollient laxative with stool-softening activity. Docusate decreases surface tension and emulsification of fecal matter and allows water to penetrate and mix with stool. As a result, it softens the stool. 
15129
Noracymethadol is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
2675
Cefixime is a broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic derived semisynthetically from the marine fungus Cephalosporium acremonium with antibacterial activity. As does penicillin, the beta-lactam antibiotic cefixime inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis by disrupting peptidoglycan synthesis, resulting in a reduction in bacterial cell wall stability and bacterial cell lysis. Stable in the presence of a variety of beta-lactamases, this agent is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria compared to second-generation cephalosporins. 
61634
3, 5-Dimethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione, also known as fema 3269 or caramel, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. 3, 5-Dimethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3, 5-dimethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 3, 5-Dimethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione is a sweet, caramel, and maple tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 3, 5-dimethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
8078
Cyclohexane appears as a clear colorless liquid with a petroleum-like odor. Used to make nylon, as a solvent, paint remover, and to make other chemicals. Flash point -4°F. Density 6.5 lb / gal (less than water) and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Cyclohexane is an alicyclic hydrocarbon comprising a ring of six carbon atoms; the cyclic form of hexane, used as a raw material in the manufacture of nylon. It has a role as a non-polar solvent. It is a cycloalkane and a volatile organic compound. 
454064
3-oxotetradecanoic acid is a C14, long-chain fatty acid carrying an oxo- group at position 3. It is a long-chain fatty acid and a 3-oxo fatty acid. It derives from a tetradecanoic acid. 
440767
Selenomethionine se-oxide belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon). Selenomethionine se-oxide is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
8178
Triethylene glycol methyl ether is a colorless odorless liquid. (USCG, 1999) Triethylene glycol monomethyl ether is a hydroxypolyether that is the monomethyl ether derivative of triethylene glycol. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a triethylene glycol. 
54686805
4-hydroxy-6-(2-oxoheptyl)pyran-2-one is a pyranone that is 2H-pyran-2-one in which the hydrogens at positions 4 and 6 are substituted by hydroxy and 2-oxoheptyl groups respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a polyketide and a member of 2-pyranones. 
5447130
Nitrofurazone appears as odorless pale yellow needles or yellow powder. pH (saturated aqueous solution) 6.0 - 6.5. Alkaline solutions are dark orange. (NTP, 1992) Nitrofurazone is a semicarbazone resulting from the formal condensation of semicarbazide with 5-nitrofuraldehyde. A broad spectrum antibacterial drug, although with little activity against Pseudomonas species, it is used as a local application for burns, ulcers, wounds and skin infections. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a semicarbazone and a nitrofuran antibiotic. 
656593
Butropium is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of (2S)-3-hydroxy-2-phenylpropanoic acid with the hydroxy group of (3-endo)-8-(4-butoxybenzyl)-3-hydroxy-8-methyl-8-azoniabicyclo[3.2.1]octane. Its bromide salt is used as an antispasmodic drug. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and an antispasmodic drug. It is an aromatic ether, a carboxylic ester, a quaternary ammonium ion and a bridged compound. 
38679
3-Mercapto-2-butanone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. 3-Mercapto-2-butanone is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3-mercapto-2-butanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
440211
1D-myo-inositol 3,4-bisphosphate is a myo-inositol bisphosphate. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 1D-myo-inositol 3,4-biphosphate(4-). 
165067
1-piperideine-6-carboxylic acid is a tetrahydropyridine that is 2,3,4,5-tetrahydropyridine having a carboxy group at the 2-position. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a tetrahydropyridine. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-piperideine-6-carboxylate. It derives from a hydride of a 1-piperideine. 
75256
Pentafluorobenzoyl chloride is the acid chloride of pentafluorobenzoic acid. It is a sensitive derivatising reagent for the analysis of amines, amides and phenols by electron capture gas chromatography. It has a role as a chromatographic reagent. It is an acyl chloride and a perfluorinated compound. It derives from a pentafluorobenzoic acid. 
12004204
Hypocrellin D is an organic polycyclic compound that is a cytotoxic fungal pigment isolated from the fruiting bodies of the ascomycete Shiraia bambusicola. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is an organic polycyclic compound, a polyphenol, an aromatic ether, a methyl ketone, a hydroxy-1,4-naphthoquinone and a tertiary alcohol. 
522038
2, 2, 8-Trimethyldecane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. 2, 2, 8-Trimethyldecane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 2, 8-trimethyldecane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 2, 8-trimethyldecane can be found in fruits. This makes 2, 2, 8-trimethyldecane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
442108
Ibogaine is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
1034
Propanoyl phosphate is the phosphate ester of propanoic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a propanoyl phosphate(2-). 
636694
17beta,21beta-epoxyhopan-3-one is a hopanoid that is hopan-3-one substituted by an epoxy group across positions 17 and 21. It has been isolated from the bark of Cupania cinerea. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a hopanoid, a cyclic terpene ketone and an epoxide. 
6997366
(2E)-hexenoate is a monounsaturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of (2E)-hexenoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a (2E)-hexenoic acid. 
11566
3-Methylcyclohexanol, also known as hexahydro-M-cresol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclohexanols. Cyclohexanols are compounds containing an alcohol group attached to a cyclohexane ring. 3-Methylcyclohexanol is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3-methylcyclohexanol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 3-methylcyclohexanol can be found in fats and oils and herbs and spices. This makes 3-methylcyclohexanol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
21596504
Scalarin is a scalarane sesterterpenoid lactone, a metabolite of marine sponges of the family Thorectidae (order dictyoceratida). It has a role as a metabolite. 
9177
Dibenz[a,j]acridine is a yellowish aromatic hydrocarbon consisting of five fused rings formed by the incomplete burning of organic matter. Dibenz[a,j]acridine is primarily found in gasoline exhaust, petroleum refinery incinerator emissions, coal combustion emissions, cigarette smoke and coal tar pitch. This substance is used only for research purposes. Dibenz[a,j]acridine is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
638081
1,5,9-cyclododecatriene appears as a colorless liquid. Toxic by skin absorption and ingestion and irritating to skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. 
135764911
Primapterin is a member of the class of biopterins that consists of pterin bearing amino, oxo and 1,2-dihydroxypropyl substituents at positions 2, 4 and 7 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. 
519857
Cubenol, also known as epi-cubenol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. Cubenol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, cubenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Cubenol exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Outside of the human body, cubenol can be found in herbs and spices. This makes cubenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
37766
Chrysen-6-ol is a hydroxychrysene that is chrysene in which the hydrogen at position 6 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a metabolite of the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon chrysene. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. 
2442
Bromhexine is a substituted aniline that is 2,4-dibromoaniline which is substituted at position 6 by a [cyclohexyl(methyl)amino]methyl group. It is used (as the monohydrochloride salt) as a mucolytic for the treatment of respiratory disorders associated with productive cough (i.e. a cough characterised by the production of sputum). It has a role as a mucolytic. It is a substituted aniline, a tertiary amino compound and an organobromine compound. It is a conjugate base of a bromhexine(1+). 
11256664
Roxadustat is an N-acylglycine resulting from the formal condensation of the amino group of glycine with the carboxy group of 4-hydroxy-1-methyl-7-phenoxyisoquinoline-3-carboxylic acid. It is an inhibitor of hypoxia inducible factor prolyl hydroxylase (HIF-PH). It has a role as an EC 1.14.11.2 (procollagen-proline dioxygenase) inhibitor and an EC 1.14.11.29 (hypoxia-inducible factor-proline dioxygenase) inhibitor. It is a member of isoquinolines, an aromatic ether and a N-acylglycine. Roxadustat is an orally bioavailable, hypoxia-inducible factor prolyl hydroxylase inhibitor (HIF-PHI), with potential anti-anemic activity. Upon administration, roxadustat binds to and inhibits HIF-PHI, an enzyme responsible for the degradation of transcription factors in the HIF family under normal oxygen conditions. This prevents HIF breakdown and promotes HIF activity. Increased HIF activity leads to an increase in endogenous erythropoietin production, thereby enhancing erythropoiesis. It also reduces the expression of the peptide hormone hepcidin, improves iron availability, and boosts hemoglobin (Hb) levels. HIF regulates the expression of genes in response to reduced oxygen levels, including genes required for erythropoiesis and iron metabolism. 
114
3-Pyridinebutanoic acid, also known as 4-(3-pyridyl)-butanoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyridines and derivatives. Pyridines and derivatives are compounds containing a pyridine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle which consists of one nitrogen atom and five carbon atoms. 3-Pyridinebutanoic acid is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
2997
Nordazepam is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone having phenyl and chloro substituents at positions 5 and 7 respectively; it has anticonvulsant, anxiolytic, muscle relaxant and sedative properties but is used primarily in the treatment of anxiety. It has a role as a GABA modulator, an anxiolytic drug, an anticonvulsant, a sedative and a human metabolite. It is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone and an organochlorine compound. 
54675842
3-hydroxybenzoate is a monohydroxybenzoate that is the conjugate base of 3-hydroxybenzoic acid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a plant metabolite. It derives from a benzoate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-hydroxybenzoic acid. 
24931
Lead iodide appears as a yellow crystalline solid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Primary hazard is threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. Used in printing and photography, to seed clouds and other uses. 
110373
Prenyl formate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). Prenyl formate is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, prenyl formate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Prenyl formate has a fruity and rum taste. 
11501341
Florbetaben ((18)F) is a member of the class of stilbenoids in which the para-hydrogens of stilbene are replaced by methylamino and 2-{2-[2-((18)F)fluoroethoxy]ethoxy}ethoxy) groups. A positron emission tomography imaging ligand for the detection of amyloid aggregation associated with Alzheimer disease. It has a role as a radioactive imaging agent. It is a stilbenoid, a substituted aniline, a secondary amino compound, a (18)F radiopharmaceutical, a polyether and an aromatic ether. Florbetaben (18F) is a stilbene derivative labeled with the positron-emitting isotope fluorine F 18, that may be used for positron emission tomography (PET) detection of beta-amyloid neuritic plaques and other amyloid protein deposits. Upon administration, F 18-florbetaben exhibits differential retention in regions that contain certain amyloid deposits. Differences in signal intensity between tissues showing specific and non-specific uptake of F 18-florbetaben allows for the detection of amyloid neuritic plaques in patients being evaluated for Alzheimer's disease, and potentially the detection of amyloid deposits in amyloidosis. 
9024
2-Methyl-1-phenyl-2-propanyl acetate, also known as benzyl dimethyl carbinyl acetate or 1, 1-dimethyl-2-phenylethyl acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. 2-Methyl-1-phenyl-2-propanyl acetate exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2-methyl-1-phenyl-2-propanyl acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2-Methyl-1-phenyl-2-propanyl acetate has a sweet, berry, and floral taste. 
76739
Bisphenol A dimethacrylate is a bisphenol that is bisphenol A condensed with two molecules of methacrylic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a bisphenol and an enoate ester. It derives from a bisphenol A and a methacrylic acid. 
6439179
(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,15E,19Z)-17-hydroxydocosahexaenoic acid is a hydroxydocosahexaenoic acid that consists of 4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,15E,19Z-docosahexaenoic acid bearing an additional 17-hydroxy substituent. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a hydroxydocosahexaenoic acid and a secondary allylic alcohol. It derives from an all-cis-docosa-4,7,10,13,16,19-hexaenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,15E,19Z)-17-hydroxydocosahexaenoate. 
65348
Adriamycin hydrochloride appears as orange-red thin needles. Aqueous solutions yellow-orange at acid pHs, orange-red at neutral pHs, and violet blue over pH 9. (NTP, 1992) Epirubicin Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of the 4'-epi-isomer of the anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic doxorubicin. Epirubicin intercalates into DNA and inhibits topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and ultimately, interfering with RNA and protein synthesis. This agent also produces toxic free-radical intermediates and interacts with cell membrane lipids causing lipid peroxidation. 
10899
1-chloropropane appears as a clear colorless liquid. Boiling point 46.6°C. Flash point below 0°F. Less dense than water and slightly soluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Irritant and narcotic. 
5288075
1,2-di-[(9Z,12Z)-octadecadienoyl]-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine is a 1,2-di-octadecadienoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine in which the double bonds in each fatty acyl group are at positions 9 and 12 and have Z configuration. It derives from a linoleic acid. 
41774
Acarbose is a tetrasaccharide derivative consisting of a dideoxy-4-{[4,5,6-trihydroxy-3-(hydroxymethyl)cyclohex-2-en-1-yl C7 cyclitol moiety [called valienol (or valienamine)] linked via nitrogen to isomaltotriose. It has a role as an EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor, an EC 3.2.1.1 (alpha-amylase) inhibitor and a hypoglycemic agent. It is a conjugate base of an acarbose(1+). Acarbose is a pseudotetrasaccharide and inhibitor of alpha-glucosidase and pancreatic alpha-amylase with antihyperglycemic activity. Acarbose binds to and inhibits alpha-glucosidase, an enteric enzyme found in the brush border of the small intestines that hydrolyzes oligosaccharides and disaccharides into glucose and other monosaccharides. This prevents the breakdown of larger carbohydrates into glucose and decreases the rise in postprandial blood glucose levels. In addition, acarbose inhibits pancreatic alpha-amylase which hydrolyzes complex starches to oligosaccharides in the small intestines. 
17811
4-(2-hydroxy-5-methylphenylazo)acetanilide is an azo dye with a structure consisting of acetanilide substituted on the 4-position of the phenyl group with a 6-hydroxy-m-tolylazo group. It has a role as a dye and an allergen. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide and a member of azobenzenes. It derives from an azobenzene. 
123964
Vadimezan is a monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by a 5,6-dimethyl-9-oxoxanthen-4-yl group. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of xanthones and a monocarboxylic acid. Vadimezan is a fused tricyclic analogue of flavone acetic acid with potential antineoplastic activity. Vadimezan induces the cytokines tumor necrosis alpha (TNF-alpha), serotonin and nitric oxide, resulting in hemorrhagic necrosis and a decrease in angiogenesis. This agent also stimulates the anti-tumor activity of tumor-associated macrophages. 
7285
1,2,3-trichloropropane is a colorless liquid with a strong acid odor. Denser than water and slightly soluble in water. Hence sinks in water. (USCG, 1999) 1,2,3-Trichloropropane is a synthetic, colorless to light yellow liquid that is soluble in polar organic solvents and only slightly soluble in water. 1,2,3-Trichloropropane is used as both a chemical intermediate and cross-linking agent in the production of polymers. 1,2,3-Trichloropropane is flammable and, when heated to decomposition, emits toxic fumes of hydrogen chloride. Exposure of humans to 1,2,3-trichloropropane vapor causes irritation of the eyes and throat. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
448752
3-phenylpropylaminium is a primary ammonium ion that is the conjugate acid of 3-phenylpropylamine, obtained from the protonation of the primary amino group. Major microspecies at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-phenylpropylamine. 
149784
(2R,3S)-EHNA is eHNA of absolute configuration 2R,3S. Selective inhibitor of cGMP-stimulated phosphodiesterase (PDE2) (IC50 = 0.8 - 4 mM). Also a potent inhibitor of adenosine deaminase. It has a role as an EC 3.5.4.4 (adenosine deaminase) inhibitor and an EC 3.1.4.* (phosphoric diester hydrolase) inhibitor. It is a conjugate base of a (2R,3S)-EHNA(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (2S,3R)-EHNA. 
151731
Hexadecanoylcholine is an acylcholine obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of hexadecanoic acid with the hydroxy group of choline. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
160817
1-hydroxy-2-methyl-9,10-anthraquinone is a member of the class of hydroxyanthraquinones that is anthracene-9,10-dione substituted by a hydroxy group at position 1 and a methyl group at position 2. It has been isolated from the roots of Rubia yunnanensis. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
19255
Dotriacontanoic acid is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid that is dotriacontane in which one of the methyl groups has been oxidised to the corresponding carboxylic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid and an ultra-long-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a dotriacontanoate. 
24798
Barium nitrate appears as a white crystalline solid. Noncombustible, but accelerates burning of combustible materials. If large quantities are involved in fire or the combustible material is finely divided, an explosion may result. May explode under prolonged exposure to heat or fire. Toxic oxides of nitrogen produced in fires. 
518948
2-sec-butyl-1,3-dioxolane is a member of the class of dioxolanes that is 1,3-dioxolane substituted at position 2 by a sec-butyl group. It is a dioxolane and a cyclic acetal. It derives from a hydride of a 1,3-dioxolane. 
231325
1-(2-Furanyl)-1-pentanone, also known as 2-pentanoylfuran or 2-valeroylfuran, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. 1-(2-Furanyl)-1-pentanone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1-(2-furanyl)-1-pentanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 1-(2-Furanyl)-1-pentanone has a sweet and caramel taste. 
6097028
Ammonium sulfate is a white odorless solid. Sinks and dissolves in water. (USCG, 1999) Ammonium sulfate is an inorganic sulfate salt obtained by reaction of sulfuric acid with two equivalents of ammonia. A high-melting (decomposes above 280℃) white solid which is very soluble in water (70.6 g/100 g water at 0℃; 103.8 g/100 g water at 100℃), it is widely used as a fertilizer for alkaline soils. It has a role as a fertilizer. It is an ammonium salt and an inorganic sulfate salt. 
33772
Oxychlordane, also known as octachlor epoxide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxanes. Oxanes are compounds containing an oxane (tetrahydropyran) ring, which is a six-member saturated aliphatic heterocycle with one oxygen atom and five carbon atoms. Oxychlordane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Oxychlordane has been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, oxychlordane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
70788954
Monosodium glutamate appears as white or off-white crystalline powder with a slight peptone-like odor. pH (0.2% solution)7.0. (NTP, 1992) Monosodium L-glutamate is an optically active form of monosodium glutamate having L-configuration. It has a role as a flavouring agent. It contains a L-glutamate(1-). It is an enantiomer of a monosodium D-glutamate. 
213144
O-butanoyl-L-carnitine is an optically active form of O-butanoylcarnitine having L-configuration. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an O-butanoylcarnitine and a saturated fatty acyl-L-carnitine. 
6389
Trichlorofluoromethane appears as a clear light colored liquid. Nearly odorless. Denser than water. Poses low acute health hazard to humans. Primary hazard is to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. Easily penetrates the soil to contaminate groundwater and nearby waterways. Trichlorofluoromethane is a one-carbon compound that is methane in which the hydrogens have been replaced by three chlorine and one fluorine atom. It has a role as a refrigerant and an environmental contaminant. It is a halomethane and a chlorofluorocarbon. 
12656
Na, na-dimethylhistamine, also known as hippospongine?, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aralkylamines. These are alkylamines in which the alkyl group is substituted at one carbon atom by an aromatic hydrocarbyl group. Na, na-dimethylhistamine is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, na, na-dimethylhistamine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, na, na-dimethylhistamine can be found in mushrooms, pomes, and spinach. This makes na, na-dimethylhistamine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
6337
Ethyl chloride appears as a clear colorless gas with a pungent odor. Flash point -58°F. Boiling point 54°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. Chloroethane is the simplest and least toxic member of the class of chloroethanes, that is ethane in which a single hydrogen is substituted by a chlorine. A colourless gas at room temperature and pressure (boiling point 12℃), it is used as a mild topical anaesthetic to numb the skin prior to ear piercing, skin biopsies, etc., and is also used in the treatment of sports injuries. It was formerly used in the production of tetraethyllead. It has a role as a local anaesthetic, an antipruritic drug and an inhalation anaesthetic. 
107765
Dihydroetorphine is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
545611
2,3,5,8-tetramethyldecane is an alkane that is decane substituted by methyl groups at positions 2, 3, 5 and 8. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a decane. 
230076
Plicamycin, which was formerly known as mithramycin, is an antibiotic that is used as an anticancer agent in the therapy of testicular and germ cell cancers. Plicamycin causes acute hepatic injury that arises within days of starting therapy, but is usually transient and asymptomatic and rarely leads to jaundice. Plicamycin has not been approved for use as cancer chemotherapy in the United States, but continues to be used on an investigational basis. Plicamycin is an antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces plicatus with antineoplastic activity. Plicamycin, also known as mithramycin, binds to the minor groove of DNA at GC-rich sites, resulting in inhibition of RNA synthesis; this agent also inhibits mRNA expression, resulting in a reduction in protein synthesis. In addition, plicamycin may inhibit bone resorption by down regulating transcription of c-src, an oncogene involved in bone metabolism and resorption. (NCI04) 
94240
1-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)-3-phenylprop-2-en-1-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as retrochalcones. These are a form of normal chalcones that are structurally distinguished by the lack of oxygen functionalities at the C2'- and C6'-positions. 1-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)-3-phenylprop-2-en-1-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
545258
1, 1-Dimethylethyl heptanoic acid, also known as tert-butyl heptanoic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. 1, 1-Dimethylethyl heptanoic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 1, 1-Dimethylethyl heptanoic acid has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and urine. Within the cell, 1, 1-dimethylethyl heptanoic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
342468
Isoleucyl-tyrosine, also known as i-y dipeptide or ile-tyr, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Isoleucyl-tyrosine is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Isoleucyl-tyrosine has been primarily detected in feces. 
11313622
Tideglusib is a member of the class of thiadiazolidines that is 1,2,4-thiadiazolidine-3,5-dione which is substituted by a naphthalen-1-yl group at position 2 and by a benzyl group at position 4. It is a non-ATP competitive inhibitor of glycogen synthase kinase 3beta (GSK3beta) and has neuroprotective effects. Currently under clinical investigation for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease and progressive supranuclear palsy. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.26 (tau-protein kinase) inhibitor, a neuroprotective agent, an anti-inflammatory agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is a member of naphthalenes, a member of benzenes and a thiadiazolidine. 
124049
Glabranin is a dihydroxyflavanone that is pinocembrin substituted by a prenyl group at position 8. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a dihydroxyflavanone and a (2S)-flavan-4-one. It derives from a pinocembrin. 
306141
Glycyl-asparagine, also known as g-N dipeptide or gly-asn, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Glycyl-asparagine is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
262500
Alpha-Solanine, also known as Α-solanine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroidal saponins. These are saponins in which the aglycone moiety is a steroid. The steroidal aglycone is usually a spirostane, furostane, spirosolane, solanidane, or curcubitacin derivative. Alpha-Solanine exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Alpha-Solanine has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, Alpha-solanine is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, Alpha-solanine can be found in alcoholic beverages, garden tomato (var. ), and potato. This makes Alpha-solanine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. Alpha-Solanine is a potentially toxic compound. 
13314
Lormetazepam is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone compound having a methyl substituent at the 1-position, a hydroxy substituent at the 3-position, a 2-chlorophenyl group at the 5-position and a chloro substituent at the 7-position. It has a role as a sedative. It is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone and an organochlorine compound. 
8009
3-Butenenitrile, also known as allyl cyanide or allylnitrile, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as nitriles. Nitriles are compounds having the structure RC#N; thus C-substituted derivatives of hydrocyanic acid, HC#N. Within the cell, 3-butenenitrile is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 3-butenenitrile can be found in brassicas. This makes 3-butenenitrile a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
6574
1,1,2-trichloroethane appears as a clear light colored liquid. Insoluble in water and slightly denser than water. Hence sinks in water. May be toxic by inhalation. 1,1,2-trichloroethane is a member of the class of chloroethanes that is ethane substituted by chloro groups at positions 1, 1 and 2. 
6000
Tubocurarine is a benzylisoquinoline alkaloid muscle relaxant which constitutes the active component of curare. It has a role as a nicotinic antagonist, a muscle relaxant and a drug allergen. It derives from a hydride of a tubocuraran. Tubocurarine Chloride is the chloride salt form of tubocurarine, a naturally occurring curare alkaloid isolated from the bark and stem of Chondodendron tomentosum with a muscle relaxant property. Tubocurarine chloride competes with acetylcholine for the nicotinic receptors at the neuromuscular junction of skeletal muscles, thereby inhibiting the action of acetylcholine and blocking the neural transmission without depolarizing the postsynaptic membrane. This may lead to skeletal muscle relaxation and paralysis. 
54051705
Cefpodoxime Proxetil is a third generation semi-synthetic cephalosporin and a beta-lactam antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cefpodoxime's effect is dependent on its binding to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located in the bacterial cytoplasmic membrane. Binding results in the inhibition of the transpeptidase enzymes, thereby preventing cross-linking of the pentaglycine bridge with the fourth residue of the pentapeptide and interrupting consequent synthesis of peptidoglycan chains. As a result, cefpodoxime inhibits bacterial septum and cell wall synthesis formation. 
162244
Alpha-Hydroxyalprazolam belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 2, 4-triazolo[4, 3-a][1, 4]benzodiazepines. These are aromatic compounds containing a 1, 4-benzodiazepine fused to and sharing a nitrogen atom with a 1, 2, 4-triazole ring. Alpha-Hydroxyalprazolam is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Alpha-Hydroxyalprazolam has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, Alpha-hydroxyalprazolam is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
15559345
Friedelane is a triterpene that is docosahydropicene substituted by 8 methyl groups at positions 2, 2, 4a, 6a, 8a, 9, 12b and 14a. It has a role as a metabolite. 
446317
L-adenosylselenohomocysteine is a selenoamino acid that is L-selenomethionine in which the methyl group attached to the selenium is replaced by a 5'-adenosyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of adenosines and a selenoamino acid. It derives from a L-selenomethionine and an adenosine. 
107730
6-fluoro-L-dopa is a non-proteinognic L-alpha-amino acid that is L-alanine in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group has been replaced by a 2-fluoro-4,5-dihydroxyphenyl group. It is a fluorophenol, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a member of catechols. It derives from a L-dopa. 
636462
Salfredin b11 belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 2-dimethyl-1-benzopyrans. These are organic compounds containing a 1-benzopyran moiety that carries two methyl groups at the 2-position. Salfredin b11 exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, salfredin B11 is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, salfredin B11 can be found in herbs and spices. This makes salfredin B11 a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
25023212
Apratoxin E is an aprotoxin having the common aprotoxin cyclodepsipeptide skeleton with a double bond in the polyketide unit. It is isolated from Lyngbya bouillonii and exhibits cytotoxic activity against several cancer cell lines derived from colon, cervix, and bone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 
24832659
Benzoylmesaconine is a diterpene alkaloid with formula C31H43NO10 that is isolated from several Aconitum species. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an analgesic and an antiinfective agent. It is a bridged compound, a diterpene alkaloid, an organic heteropolycyclic compound, a polyether, a secondary alcohol, a benzoate ester, a tertiary alcohol, a tertiary amino compound and a tetrol. It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. 
5497182
(7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-docosapentaenoic acid is the all-cis-isomer of a C22 polyunsaturated fatty acid having five double bonds in the 7-, 10-, 13-, 16- and 19-positions. It has a role as a human metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a docosapentaenoic acid and an omega-3 fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-docosapentaenoate. Clupanodonic Acid is a polyunsaturated very long-chain fatty acid with a 22-carbon backbone and 5 double bonds, originating from the 3rd, 6th, 9th, 12th and 15th positions from the methyl end, with all double bonds in the cis- configuration. 
7966
Cyclohexanol appears as a colorless liquid with a camphor-like odor. Soluble in most organic liquids. Flash point 154°F. May be toxic by inhalation or skin exposure. Vapors are narcotic in high concentrations. Irritates skin, eyes and mucus membranes. Used in making soap, lacquers, and plastics. Cyclohexanol is an alcohol that consists of cyclohexane bearing a single hydroxy substituent. The parent of the class of cyclohexanols. It has a role as a solvent. It is a secondary alcohol and a member of cyclohexanols. 
53962883
Ala-Asn-Asn-Pro is a tetrapeptide composed of an L-alanyl, two L-asparagyl units, and an L-proline joined by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine, a L-asparagine and a L-proline. 
61835
7-Hexyl-2-oxepanone, also known as 6-hexylhexanolide or e-dodecalactone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as lactones. These are cyclic esters of hydroxy carboxylic acids, containing a 1-oxacycloalkan-2-one structure, or analogues having unsaturation or heteroatoms replacing one or more carbon atoms of the ring. 7-Hexyl-2-oxepanone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 7-hexyl-2-oxepanone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 7-Hexyl-2-oxepanone has a sweet, celery, and fruity taste. 
61015
Butyl dodecanoate, also known as butyl laurate or fema 2206, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Butyl dodecanoate exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Butyl dodecanoate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, butyl dodecanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Butyl dodecanoate is a fruity, oily, and peanut tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages, fruits, and pomes. This makes butyl dodecanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
7286
1,2,3-trichloropropene appears as an amber liquid. May be absorbed through the skin. Vapors are heavier than air. Contact with vapors or liquid may cause burns or irritation. 
5743
Dexamethazone is an odorless white to off-white crystalline powder with a slightly bitter taste. (NTP, 1992) Dexamethasone is a fluorinated steroid that is 9-fluoropregna-1,4-diene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 11, 17 and 21, a methyl group at position 16 and oxo groups at positions 3 and 20. It is a synthetic member of the class of glucocorticoids. It has a role as an adrenergic agent, an antiemetic, an antineoplastic agent, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, an immunosuppressive agent and an anti-inflammatory drug. It is a fluorinated steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid, a glucocorticoid, a 20-oxo steroid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid and a 21-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. Dexamethasone is a synthetic adrenal corticosteroid with potent anti-inflammatory properties. In addition to binding to specific nuclear steroid receptors, dexamethasone also interferes with NF-kB activation and apoptotic pathways. This agent lacks the salt-retaining properties of other related adrenal hormones. (NCI04) 
30684
Fosthietan is a pale yellow liquid with a mercaptan-like odor. Used as a nematocide and insecticide. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
24008
Lead sulfate appears as a white crystalline solid. Insoluble in water and sinks in water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be mildly toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. Use: in lithography, battery acid solution treated fabrics, used in varnishes. 
281622
3-(Carboxymethylamino)propanoic acid, also known as iminopropionicacetic acid or N-(carboxyethyl)glycine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon). 3-(Carboxymethylamino)propanoic acid exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3-(carboxymethylamino)propanoic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 3-(carboxymethylamino)propanoic acid can be found in pulses. This makes 3-(carboxymethylamino)propanoic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
62907
Ethyl menthane carboxamide, also known as framidice 3 or menthol carboxamide WS-3, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. Ethyl menthane carboxamide exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, ethyl menthane carboxamide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
91452
Pondimin is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. Fenfluramine Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of fenfluramine, an amphetamine derivative and a sympathomimetic stimulant with appetite-suppressant properties. Fenfluramine, which was part of the Fen-Phen anti-obesity medication, stimulates the release of serotonin from vesicular storage, and modulates serotonin transporter function. Since serotonin regulates mood and appetite, among other functions, increased serotonin level results in a feeling of fullness and loss of appetite. 
83290
Caldopentamine is a polyazaalkane that is the 1,5,9,13,17-pentaaza derivative of heptodecane. It has a role as a marine metabolite. It is a polyazaalkane, a primary amino compound and a secondary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a caldopentamine(4+). 
5283566
N-icosanoylsphingosine is a N-acylsphingosine in which the ceramide N-acyl group is specified as eicosanoyl. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a N-acylsphingosine and a Cer(d38:1). It derives from an icosanoic acid. 
336
Ureidoglycolic acid is a ureidocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a glycolic acid. 
735755
3,4,5-trimethoxycinnamic acid is a methoxycinnamic acid with three methoxy substituents at the 3-, 4- and 5-positions. It has a role as an allergen. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,4,5-trimethoxycinnamate. 
11970
(2-hydroxyphenyl)acetic acid is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a 2-hydroxyphenyl group. It is a metabolite of phenylalanine and is excreted in the urine of patients suffering from diseases like phenylketonuria. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from an acetic acid and a phenol. It is a conjugate acid of a (2-hydroxyphenyl)acetate. 
10321055
Oleanolic aldehyde is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and hydroxyaldehyde that is erythrodiol in which the primary hydroxy group at position 28 has been oxidised to the corresponding aldehyde. It is found in grapes and olives. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a secondary alcohol and a hydroxyaldehyde. It derives from an erythrodiol. It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 
39764
Vecuronium bromide is the organic bromide salt of a 5alpha-androstane compound having 3alpha-acetoxy-, 17beta-acetoxy-, 2beta-piperidinino- and 16beta-N-methylpiperidinium substituents. It has a role as a nicotinic antagonist, a neuromuscular agent and a muscle relaxant. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an organic bromide salt. It contains a vecuronium. It derives from a 5alpha-androstane. Vecuronium Bromide is the bromide salt form of vecuronium, a synthetic steroid derivative of the naturally occurring alkaloids of curare with a muscle relaxant property. Vecuronium bromide competes with acetylcholine for the nicotinic receptors at the neuromuscular junction of skeletal muscles, thereby inhibiting the action of acetylcholine and blocking the neural transmission without depolarizing the postsynaptic membrane. This leads to skeletal muscle relaxation and paralysis. 
7406
Cumene appears as a clear colorless liquid with an aromatic odor. Flash point 115°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. May be moderately toxic by inhalation, ingestion and skin absorption. Cumene is an alkylbenzene that is benzene carrying an isopropyl group. 
11566378
14-HDoHE is a hydroxydocosahexaenoic acid that consists of (4Z,7Z,10Z,12E,16Z,19Z)-docosahexaenoic acid bearing an additional 14-hydroxy substituent. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a hydroxydocosahexaenoic acid and a secondary allylic alcohol. It is a conjugate acid of a 14-HDoHE(1-). 
62921
Cephalexin monohydrate is a hydrate of cephalexin consisting of equimolar amounts of hydrate and cephalexin. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It contains a cephalexin. Cephalexin is a beta-lactam, first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cephalexin binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linking of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. Compared to second and third generation cephalosporins, cephalexin is more active against gram-positive and less active against gram-negative organisms. 
12439
2,6-dimethylbenzoic acid is a dimethylbenzoic acid in which the two methyl groups are located at positions 2 and 6. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,6-dimethylbenzoate. 
61302
4-Phenyl-2-butanol, also known as fema 2879, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. 4-Phenyl-2-butanol is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-phenyl-2-butanol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
119047
Phenolate is a phenolate anion that is the conjugate base of phenol obtained by deprotonation of the OH group. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a phenol. 
180314
Murrayazolinol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenanthridines and derivatives. These are polycyclic compounds containing a phenanthridine moiety, which is a tricyclic system with two benzene rings joined by a pyridine forming a non-linear skeleton. Hydrogenated derivatives are also included. Murrayazolinol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, murrayazolinol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, murrayazolinol can be found in herbs and spices. This makes murrayazolinol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
998
Phenylacetaldehyde is an aldehyde that consists of acetaldehyde bearing a methyl substituent; the parent member of the phenylacetaldehyde class of compounds. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an alpha-CH2-containing aldehyde and a member of phenylacetaldehydes. 
123812
Rare gas and oxygen mixture is a colorless odorless gas. Both gases are noncombustible; however, oxygen will accelerate the combustion of a fire. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. 
127370
N(2)-succinyl-L-ornithine is a N2-acyl-L-ornithine. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a N(2)-succinyl-L-ornithinate(1-). 
10953398
DT6 is an oligonucleotide comprised of six thymidine residues connected via 3'->5' phosphodiester linkages. It has a role as an epitope. It contains a thymidine 5'-monophosphate residue. 
121966
DTDP-beta-L-rhamnose is the beta-anomer of dTDP-L-rhamnose. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a dTDP-L-mannose. It is a conjugate acid of a dTDP-6-deoxy-beta-L-mannose(2-). 
10430
Isopentanoic acid is a colorless liquid with a penetrating odor. It is slightly soluble in water. It is corrosive to metals and to tissue. Isovaleric acid is a C5, branched-chain saturated fatty acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a mammalian metabolite. It is a short-chain fatty acid, a methylbutyric acid and a branched-chain saturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of an isovalerate. 
25145403
Asn-Asp is a dipeptide composed of L-asparagine and L-aspartic acid joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-asparagine and a L-aspartic acid. 
107758
1D-myo-inositol 1,3,4,5-tetrakisphosphate is a myo-inositol tetrakisphosphate having the four phosphates placed in the 1-, 3-, 4- and 5-positions. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a myo-inositol. It is a conjugate acid of a 1D-myo-inositol 1,3,4,5-tetrakisphosphate(8-). 
67874
4-(trifluoromethyl)phenol is a member of the class of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes that is p-cresol in which the methyl group is perfluorinated. It is a metabolite of the drug fluoxetine. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite and a drug metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. It derives from a (trifluoromethyl)benzene and a p-cresol. 
60837
Irinotecan hydrochloride hydrate is a hydrate that is the trihydrate form of irinotecan hydrochloride. Onivyde is used in combination with fluorouracil and leucovorin, for the treatment of patients with metastatic adenocarcinoma of the pancreas after disease progression following gemcitabine-based therapy. It is converted via hydrolysis of the carbamate linkage to its active metabolite, SN-38, which is ~1000 times more active. It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and a prodrug. It contains an irinotecan hydrochloride (anhydrous). Irinotecan Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of a semisynthetic derivative of camptothecin, a cytotoxic, quinoline-based alkaloid extracted from the Asian tree Camptotheca acuminata. Irinotecan, a prodrug, is converted to a biologically active metabolite 7-ethyl-10-hydroxy-camptothecin (SN-38) by a carboxylesterase-converting enzyme. One thousand-fold more potent than its parent compound irinotecan, SN-38 inhibits topoisomerase I activity by stabilizing the cleavable complex between topoisomerase I and DNA, resulting in DNA breaks that inhibit DNA replication and trigger apoptotic cell death. Because ongoing DNA synthesis is necessary for irinotecan to exert its cytotoxic effects, it is classified as an S-phase-specific agent. 
24294
Antimony pentachloride, liquid appears as a reddish-yellow fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Fumes are irritating to the eyes and mucous membranes. Solidifies at 37°F. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Used to make other chemicals, and in chemical analysis. 
5280733
5(S)-HETE is a HETE having a (5S)-hydroxy group and (6E)-, (8Z)-, (11Z)- and (14Z)-double bonds. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from an icosa-6,8,11,14-tetraenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5(S)-HETE(1-). 
875
2,3-dihydroxybutanedioic acid is a tetraric acid that is butanedioic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 3. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-carboxy-2,3-dihydroxypropanoate. Tartaric Acid is a white crystalline dicarboxylic acid found in many plants, particularly tamarinds and grapes. Tartaric acid is used to generate carbon dioxide through interaction with sodium bicarbonate following oral administration. Carbon dioxide extends the stomach and provides a negative contrast medium during double contrast radiography. In high doses, this agent acts as a muscle toxin by inhibiting the production of malic acid, which could cause paralysis and maybe death. 
5280372
Coniferin is a monosaccharide derivative that is coniferol attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 1 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a cinnamyl alcohol beta-D-glucoside, an aromatic ether and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a coniferol. 
71464522
Ala-Met-Ser-Arg is a tetrapeptide composed of L-alanine, L-methionine, L-serine, and L-arginine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine, a L-methionine, a L-serine and a L-arginine. 
61513
Cupric sulfate, ammoniated appears as a dark blue crystalline solid with a faint odor of ammonia. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Used as a pesticide, to print fabrics, and to make other copper compounds. 
5325
Sulfamerazine is a sulfonamide consisting of pyrimidine with a methyl substituent at the 4-position and a 4-aminobenzenesulfonamido group at the 2-position. It has a role as an antiinfective agent and a drug allergen. It is a member of pyrimidines, a sulfonamide and a sulfonamide antibiotic. It derives from a sulfanilamide. Sulfamerazine is a long-acting sulfanilamide antibacterial agent. Sulfamerazine inhibits bacterial synthesis of dihydrofolic acid by competing with para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) for the binding site on dihydropteroate synthase. 
107849
Versicolorin B is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is 2,3,3a,12a-tetrahydroanthra[2,3-b]furo[3,2-d]furan-5,10-dione carrying three hydroxy substituents at positions 4, 6 and 8. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a cyclic acetal, a polyphenol and a member of p-quinones. It is a conjugate acid of a versicolorin B(1-). 
6433169
Phenylpropanolamine hydrochloride is an odorless white to creamy-white crystalline powder. Bitter taste. pH (3% solution):4.5-6. pH (10% solution) 4.2-5.5. (NTP, 1992) Phenylpropanolamine Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of phenylpropanolamine, an alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptor agonist with sympathomimetic activity. Phenylpropanolamine binds to and activates alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptors in the mucosa of the respiratory tract resulting in vasoconstriction and reduction in swelling of nasal mucous membranes and reduction in tissue hyperemia, edema, and nasal congestion. This agent also stimulates the release of norepinephrine from its storage sites resulting in the effects already described. Finally, phenylpropanolamine indirectly stimulates beta-receptors producing tachycardia and a positive inotropic effect. 
182278
Demethoxyaschantin is a member of the class of furofurans that is tetrahydro-1H,3H-furo[3,4-c]furan-1-yl]-1,3-benzodioxole carrying an additional 3,4-dimethoxyphenyl substituent at position 4. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a furofuran, a lignan, a dimethoxybenzene and a member of benzodioxoles. 
590774
Ethofumesate-2-keto is a methanesulfonate ester that is methanesulfonic acid in which the hydrogen of the hydroxy group has been replaced by a 3,3-dimethyl-2-oxo-2,3-dihydro-1-benzofuran-5-yl group. It is a metabolite of the herbicide ethofumesate. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a methanesulfonate ester, a member of 1-benzofurans and a gamma-lactone. 
137388
6,6'-bieckol is a phlorotanin that is 1,1'-bioxanthrene substituted by 3,5-dihydroxyphenoxy groups at position 6 and 6' and hydroxy groups at positions 2, 2', 4, 4', 7, 7', 9 and 9' respectively. It is isolated from an edible marine brown alga Ecklonia cava and exhibits antioxidant activity. It has a role as a metabolite, a radical scavenger and an anti-HIV-1 agent. It is a phlorotannin, an aromatic ether and an oxacycle. It derives from a phloroglucinol. 
442358
7,3'-dihydroxy-4'-methoxy-8-methylflavan is a hydroxyflavan that is (2S)-flavan substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 7 and 3', a methoxy group at position 4' and a methyl group at position 8. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a hydroxyflavan and a methoxyflavan. It derives from a hydride of a (2S)-flavan. 
6201
2-naphthaldehyde is a naphthaldehyde that is naphthalene substituted by a formyl group at position 2. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 
442426
(+)-iridodial is an iridodial that is (1R,2R)-2-[(2R)-1-oxopropan-2-yl]cyclopentanecarbaldehyde substituted by a methyl group at position 2 (2S-stereoisomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
82146
Bexarotene is a retinoid, a member of benzoic acids and a member of naphthalenes. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. Bexarotene is a synthetic retinoic acid agent with potential antineoplastic, chemopreventive, teratogenic and embryotoxic properties. Bexarotene selectively binds to and activates retinoid X receptors (RXRs), thereby inducing changes in gene expression that lead to cell differentiation, decreased cell proliferation, apoptosis of some cancer cell types, and tumor regression. (NCI04) 
529648
ent-16-Kauren-19-al, also known as ent-kaurenal or kaur-16-en-18-al, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as kaurane diterpenoids. These are diterpene alkaloids with a structure that is based on the kaurane skeleton. Kaurane is a tetracyclic compound that arises by cyclisation of a pimarane precursor followed by rearrangement. It possesses a [3, 2, 1]-bicyclic ring system with C15-C16 bridge connected to C13, forming the five-membered ring D. ent-16-Kauren-19-al exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, ent-16-kauren-19-al is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, ent-16-kauren-19-al can be found in fruits and sunflower. This makes ent-16-kauren-19-al a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
79362
Monooctyl phthalate is a phthalic acid monoester obtained by formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups of phthalic acid with the hydroxy group of octanol. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from an octan-1-ol. 
4592697
Keto-phenylpyruvate is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion resulting from deprotonation of the carboxy group of keto-phenylpyruvic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite, a chromogenic compound and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion and a phenylpyruvate. It derives from a pyruvate. It is a conjugate base of a keto-phenylpyruvic acid. 
3038497
Lusedra is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. 
547907
Methyl 3-(methylthio)butanoate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid methyl esters. Fatty acid methyl esters are compounds containing a fatty acid that is esterified with a methyl group. They have the general structure RC(=O)OR', where R=fatty aliphatic tail or organyl group and R'=methyl group. Methyl 3-(methylthio)butanoate is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Methyl 3-(methylthio)butanoate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, methyl 3-(methylthio)butanoate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Methyl 3-(methylthio)butanoate has a sweet and cooked taste. 
11584
Allyl acetate appears as a liquid. Insoluble in water and slightly less dense than water. Hence floats on water. Poisonous by ingestion and moderately toxic by inhalation and skin contact. Irritating to skin and eyes. 
134
4-(trimethylammonio)butanoic acid is a quaternary ammonium ion that is the conjugate acid of 4-(trimethylammonio)butanoate. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-(trimethylammonio)butanoate. 
1732
Chlorocresol appears as a pinkish to white crystalline solid with a phenolic odor. Melting point 64-66°C. Shipped as a solid or in a liquid carrier. Soluble in aqueous base. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation or skin absorption. Used as an external germicide. Used as a preservative in paints and inks. 4-chloro-m-cresol is a hydroxytoluene that is 3-methylphenol which is substituted by a chlorine at position 4. A ryanodine receptor agonist. It has a role as a ryanodine receptor agonist, an antimicrobial agent and a disinfectant. It is a hydroxytoluene and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
445212
1-[(1S,2S,4S,5R)-4-hydroxy-5-(hydroxymethyl)bicyclo[3.1.0]hexan-2-yl]thymine is a carbobicyclic compound that is bicyclo[3.1.0]hexane which is substituted at the 2-pro-S, 4-pro-S and 5-pro-R positions by thymin-1-yl, hydroxy, and hydroxymethyl groups, respectively. It is a carbobicyclic compound, a primary alcohol, a secondary alcohol, a C-glycosyl pyrimidine and a pyrimidone. It derives from a thymine. 
440152
1D-1-O-(indol-3-yl)acetyl-myo-inositol is a cyclitol ester that is 1D-myo-inositol bearing a indol-3-acetyl substituent at position 1. It is a member of indoles, a cyclitol ester and an indoleacetic acid ester conjugate. It derives from a myo-inositol. 
10220511
Ammonium magnesium phosphate hexahydrate is a hydrate that is the hexahydrate form of ammonium magnesium phosphate. It is a constituent of urinary calculi. It has a role as a fertilizer. It is a hydrate and a phosphate mineral. It contains an ammonium magnesium phosphate. 
7045767
O-acetyl-L-carnitine is an O-acyl-L-carnitine where the acyl group specified is acetyl. It facilitates movement of acetyl-CoA into the matrices of mammalian mitochondria during the oxidation of fatty acids. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an O-acetylcarnitine and a saturated fatty acyl-L-carnitine. It derives from a carnitine. It is an enantiomer of an O-acetyl-D-carnitine. 
62065
4-Bromo-2,5-dimethoxyamphetamine is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
168165
Vescalagin, also known as vescalene or castalagin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydrolyzable tannins. These are tannins with a structure characterized by either of the following models. In model 1, the structure contains galloyl units (in some cases, shikimic acid units) that are linked to diverse polyol carbohydrate-, catechin-, or triterpenoid units. In model 2, contains at least two galloyl units C-C coupled to each other, and do not contain a glycosidically linked catechin unit. Vescalagin exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, vescalagin can be found in nuts. This makes vescalagin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
131700865
Gadobenate Dimeglumine is a gadolinium-based paramagnetic contrast agent. When placed in a magnetic field, gadobenate dimeglumine produces a large magnetic moment and so a large local magnetic field, which can enhance the relaxation rate of nearby protons; as a result, the signal intensity of tissue images observed with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) may be enhanced. Because this agent is preferentially taken up by normal functioning hepatocytes, normal hepatic tissue is enhanced with MRI while tumor tissue is unenhanced. In addition, because gadobenate dimeglumine is excreted in the bile, it may be used to visualize the biliary system using MRI. 
29230
Norcocaine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol esters. These are aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring substituted by a hydroxyl group and an ester group. Norcocaine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, norcocaine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
186727
Gossyvertin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. Gossyvertin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, gossyvertin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, gossyvertin can be found in fats and oils. This makes gossyvertin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
448
m-Chlorohippuric acid, also known as 3-chlorohippate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hippuric acids. Hippuric acids are compounds containing hippuric acid, which consists of a of a benzoyl group linked to the N-terminal of a glycine. m-Chlorohippuric acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
34167
Homoarecoline belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkaloids and derivatives. These are naturally occurring chemical compounds that contain mostly basic nitrogen atoms. This group also includes some related compounds with neutral and even weakly acidic properties. Also some synthetic compounds of similar structure are attributed to alkaloids. In addition to carbon, hydrogen and nitrogen, alkaloids may also contain oxygen, sulfur and more rarely other elements such as chlorine, bromine, and phosphorus. Homoarecoline is soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, homoarecoline is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, homoarecoline can be found in nuts. This makes homoarecoline a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
99931
1,2-dipalmitoylglycerol is a 1,2-diglyceride obtained by the formal acylation of positions 1 and 2 of glycerol by hexadecanoic (palmitic) acid. It is a 1,2-diglyceride and a dihexadecanoylglycerol. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
49
3-methyl-2-oxobutanoic acid is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is the 2-oxo derivative of isovaleric acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a butyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-methyl-2-oxobutanoate. It is a tautomer of a 2-hydroxy-3-methyl-2-butenoic acid. 
9548794
Taurocholate is an organosulfonate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of taurocholic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an organosulfonate oxoanion and a cholanic acid conjugate anion. It is a conjugate base of a taurocholic acid. 
313
Hydrochloric acid, solution is a colorless watery liquid with a sharp, irritating odor. Consists of hydrogen chloride, a gas, dissolved in water. Sinks and mixes with water. Produces irritating vapor. (USCG, 1999) Chlorine atom is a halogen. It has a role as a micronutrient. 
7098
N-ethyl-n-benzylaniline appears as a colorless to light colored liquid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Hence sinks in water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. 
72158
2-(4-cyclohexyl-1-naphthyl)propanoic acid is a member of the class of naphthalenes that is propionic acid in which one of the alpha-hydrogens is replaced by a 4-cyclohexyl-1-naphthyl group. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of naphthalenes. It derives from a propionic acid. 
135398618
GDP(3-) is a nucleoside 5'-diphosphate(3-) obtained by deprotonation of the three diphosphate OH groups of guanosine 5'-diphosphate (GMP); major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a GDP(2-). 
6857396
N-acetylneuraminate is a ketoaldonate that is the conjugate base of N-acetylneuraminic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a N-acetylneuraminic acid. 
61954
2-Methylphenyl 2-methylpropanoate, also known as fema 3753 or isobutyric acid, 2-methylphenyl ester, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol esters. These are aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring substituted by a hydroxyl group and an ester group. 2-Methylphenyl 2-methylpropanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-methylphenyl 2-methylpropanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2-Methylphenyl 2-methylpropanoate has a berry, medical, and phenolic taste. 
12191
Ethyl crotonate appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. 
24749
Watery odorless colorless liquid. Denser than water and soluble in water. Hence sinks in and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) Aldohexose is a hexose with a (potential) aldehyde group at one end. It is an aldose and a hexose. Anhydrous Dextrose is the anhydrous form of D-glucose, a natural monosaccharide and carbohydrate. Dextrose serves to replenish lost nutrients and electrolytes. The agent provides metabolic energy and is the primary ingredient in oral rehydration salts (ORS) and is used in intravenous (IV) fluids to provide nutrients to patients under intensive care who are unable to receive them by the oral route. Solutions containing dextrose restore blood glucose levels and provide calories and may aid in minimizing liver glycogen depletion and exerts a protein-sparing action. Dextrose anhydrous also plays a role in the production of proteins and in lipid metabolism. 
25018458
Cyclomontanin A is a homodetic cyclic peptide composed of L-alanyl, L-tryptophyl, L-threonyl, L-prolylglycyl, L-leucyl and L-asparaginyl residues linked in a sequence. It is isolated from the seeds of Annona montana and has been shown to exhibit anti-inflammatory activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. 
73323
5'-xanthylic acid is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate having xanthine as the nucleobase. It has a role as a metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate and a xanthosine 5'-phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a 5'-xanthylate(2-). 
8900
N-heptane is a clear colorless liquids with a petroleum-like odor. Flash point 25°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Heptane is a straight-chain alkane with seven carbon atoms. It has been found in Jeffrey pine (Pinus jeffreyi). It has a role as a non-polar solvent and a plant metabolite. It is a volatile organic compound and an alkane. 
657306
JB 323 is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
612545
16-Acetylpriverogenin a belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. 16-Acetylpriverogenin a exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 16-acetylpriverogenin a is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 16-acetylpriverogenin a can be found in herbs and spices and tea. This makes 16-acetylpriverogenin a a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
25749227
Losartan(1-) is an organic anion that is the conjugate base of losartan, obtained from the deprotonation of the tetrazole NH group. Major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a losartan. Losartan Potassium is the potassium salt of losartan, a non-peptide angiotensin II receptor antagonist with antihypertensive activity. Losartan selectively and competitively binds to the angiotensin II receptor (type AT1) and blocks the binding of angiotensin II to the receptor, thus promoting vasodilatation and counteracting the effects of aldosterone. Converted from angiotensin I by angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE), angiotensin II stimulates the adrenal cortex to synthesize and secrete aldosterone, decreasing sodium excretion and increasing potassium excretion, and acts as a vasoconstrictor in vascular smooth muscle. 
25565
Cyclochlorotine, also known as chloropeptide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hybrid peptides. Hybrid peptides are compounds containing at least two different types of amino acids (alpha, beta, gamma, delta) linked to each other through a peptide bond. Cyclochlorotine exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, cyclochlorotine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Cyclochlorotine is a potentially toxic compound. 
165609
14-demethyllanosterol is a 3beta-sterol formed formally by loss of a methyl group from the 14-position of lanosterol. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a lanosterol. 
113514
Rhubafuran belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. Rhubafuran is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, rhubafuran is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Rhubafuran has a grapefruit, green, and rhubarb taste. 
9492
2,5-dinitrophenol is a yellow crystalline solid with a sweet musty odor. Sinks and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) 2,5-dinitrophenol is a dinitrophenol having the nitro groups at the 2- and 5-positions. 
25204
Barium chloride appears as white crystals. A salt arising from the direct reaction of barium and chlorine. Toxic by ingestion. (NTP, 1992) 
123914
3'-Sialyllactose belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acylneuraminic acids. These are neuraminic acids carrying an N-acyl substituent. 3'-Sialyllactose is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 3'-Sialyllactose has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and breast milk. Within the cell, 3'-sialyllactose is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
135398752
Alloxanthine is a pyrazolopyrimidine that is 4,5,6,7-tetrahydro-H-pyrazolo[3,4-d]pyrimidine substituted by oxo groups at positions 4 and 6. It has a role as an EC 1.17.3.2 (xanthine oxidase) inhibitor and a drug metabolite. 
11442
Allethrin appears as a clear amber-colored viscous liquid. Insoluble and denser than water. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation, and skin absorption. A synthetic household insecticide that kills flies, mosquitoes, garden insects, etc. Allethrin is a cyclopropanecarboxylate ester. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide. It derives from a chrysanthemic acid. 
3950
Lomustine is an N-nitrosourea that is urea in which one of the nitrogens is substituted by a 2-chloroethyl group and by a nitroso group, while the other nitrogen is substituted by a cyclohexyl group. An alkylating antineoplastic agent, it is used in the treatment of brain tumours, lung cancer, malignant melanoma and other solid tumours. It has a role as an alkylating agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of N-nitrosoureas and an organochlorine compound. Lomustine is a nitrosourea with antineoplastic activity. Lomustine alkylates and crosslinks DNA, thereby inhibiting DNA and RNA synthesis. This agent also carbamoylates DNA and proteins, resulting in inhibition of DNA and RNA synthesis and disruption of RNA processing. Lomustine is lipophilic and crosses the blood-brain barrier. (NCI04) 
439332
2-oxooctadecanoic acid is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is octadecanoic acid (stearic acid) in which the hydrogens at position 2 have been replaced by an oxo group. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-oxooctadecanoate. 
8186
Undecanal is a saturated fatty aldehyde formally arising from reduction of the carboxylic acid group of undecanoic acid. It is a component of essential oils from citrus plants like Citrus reticulata. It has a role as an antimycobacterial drug, a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. It is a saturated fatty aldehyde, a n-alkanal and a medium-chain fatty aldehyde. It is a tautomer of an undec-1-en-1-ol. 
61517
4-Phenyl-2-butyl acetate, also known as 1-phenyl-3-acetoxybutane or fema 2882, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. 4-Phenyl-2-butyl acetate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-phenyl-2-butyl acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 4-Phenyl-2-butyl acetate has a fruit and green taste. 
7009581
Met-Ala is a dipeptide formed from L-methionine and L-alanine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-methionine and a L-alanine. It is a tautomer of a Met-Ala zwitterion. 
169144
Bisisodiospyrin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthoquinones. Naphthoquinones are compounds containing a naphthohydroquinone moiety, which consists of a benzene ring linearly fused to a bezene-1, 4-dione (quinone). Bisisodiospyrin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, bisisodiospyrin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, bisisodiospyrin can be found in fruits. This makes bisisodiospyrin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
61416
Citronellyl pentanoate, also known as citronellyl valerate or E469, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. Citronellyl pentanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Citronellyl pentanoate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, citronellyl pentanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Citronellyl pentanoate is a herbal, honey, and rose tasting compound that can be found in herbs and spices. This makes citronellyl pentanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
516859
Ammonium metavanadate appears as a white crystalline powder. Slightly soluble in water and denser than water. Decomposes at 410°F. May release toxic fumes. Moderately toxic. An irritant. Used as a dryer for paints and inks, and for dyes. Loses ammonia upon heating. 
440223
2-(hydroxymethyl)-4-oxobutanoic acid is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is 4-oxobutanoic acid which is substituted by a hydroxymethyl group at position 2. It is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid, a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and an alpha-CH2-containing aldehyde. It derives from a butyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-(hydroxymethyl)-4-oxobutanoate. 
15654
4-Methyl-5-vinylthiazole, also known as 5-ethenyl-4-methyl-thiazole or fema 3313, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4, 5-disubstituted thiazoles. 4, 5-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 4 and 5 only. 4-Methyl-5-vinylthiazole exists as a liquid, slightly soluble (in water), and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-methyl-5-vinylthiazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 4-Methyl-5-vinylthiazole is a cocoa, musty, and nutty tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as onion-family vegetables, fruits, alcoholic beverages, and soft-necked garlic. This makes 4-methyl-5-vinylthiazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
64113
Mandrax is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
25487
Ammonium iodide is an odorless white solid. Sinks and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) Ammonium iodide is the iodide salt of ammonia. It is an ammonium salt and an iodide salt. 
68353
A strong dicarboxylic acid occurring in many plants and vegetables. It is produced in the body by metabolism of glyoxylic acid or ascorbic acid. It is not metabolized but excreted in the urine. It is used as an analytical reagent and general reducing agent. 
565965
3-methylhistidine is a methylhistidine in which the methyl group is located at N-3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid and a methylhistidine. It is a tautomer of a 3-methylhistidine zwitterion. 
51323
Bisantrene is a hydrazone resulting from the formal condensation of both of the aldehyde groups of anthracene-9,10-dicarbaldehyde with 2-hydrazinyl-4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazole. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a hydrazone, a member of imidazolidines and a member of anthracenes. Bisantrene is an anthracenyl bishydrazone with antineoplastic activity. Bisantrene intercalates with and disrupts the configuration of DNA, resulting in DNA single-strand breaks, DNA-protein crosslinking, and inhibition of DNA replication. This agent is similar to doxorubicin in activity, but unlike doxorubicin, does not exhibit cardiotoxicity. (NCI04) 
7671
Formanilide is a member of the class of formamides that is formamide in which one of the amino hydrogens is replaced by a phenyl group. It is a member of formamides and an aromatic amide. It derives from a formamide. 
24655
Ammonium hydrogen sulfate is a colorless to white, powdered solid. It is toxic by ingestion. When heated to high temperatures, it may release toxic sulfur oxide and nitrogen oxide fumes. It is soluble in water. It is a chemical catalyst, used in hair preparations. 
1198
Isocitric acid is a tricarboxylic acid that is propan-1-ol with a hydrogen at each of the 3 carbon positions replaced by a carboxy group. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a tricarboxylic acid and a secondary alcohol. It is a conjugate acid of an isocitrate(1-). 
7914
Diisopropyl ether appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ethereal odor. Flash point -18°F. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. 
14579
Guaiacylglycerol is a compound made up of a guaiacyl core with an alpha-glyceryl substituent para to the aromatic hydroxy group. It is an aromatic alcohol, a tetrol and a member of guaiacols. It derives from a glycerol. 
192406
Ternatin, also known as ternatin A1, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligopeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of between three and ten alpha-amino acids joined by peptide bonds. Ternatin is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, ternatin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
5280500
Maleylacetic acid is a 4-oxohex-2-enedioic acid with a Z-configuration. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a maleylacetate. 
192372
Triptoditerpenic acid B is a tricyclic diterpenoid with formula C21H28O3, originally isolated from Tripterygium hypoglaucum. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a tricyclic diterpenoid, a monomethoxybenzene and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. 
73281
Nicosulfuron is a N-sulfonylurea that is 2-(carbamoylsulfamoyl)-N,N-dimethylpyridine-3-carboxamide substituted by a 4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl group at the amino nitrogen. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a herbicide. It is a member of pyridines, a N-sulfonylurea and a member of pyrimidines. 
65477
Pre-Sate is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. Chlorphentermine Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of chlorphentermine, a chlorinated analogue of phentermine, a sympathomimetic amine with central nervous system (CNS) stimulating and anorexic activity. Chlorphentermine acts by facilitating the release of catecholamines, especially noradrenaline and dopamine, from nerve terminals in the brain and also inhibits their uptake. The increase in synaptic concentrations of these catecholamines causes behavioral changes including an increase in motor activity, mental alertness and excitement, causes euphoria, and suppresses appetite. 
92219
2-Benzoyl-3-phenyloxirane, also known as chalcone oxide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. 2-Benzoyl-3-phenyloxirane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
21609
Ethyl-n-cyclohexylamine appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Floats on water and slightly soluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 
17049
N-butyl glycidyl ether appears as colorless to pale yellow liquid with a strong, slightly unpleasant odor. Flash point approximately 164°F. Denser than water. Vapors are heavier than air. Vapors may irritate the nose, throat and respiratory tract. Ingestion or inhalation may cause central nervous system depression. Liquid contact may severely irritate the eyes and skin. Prolonged contact with the skin may cause defatting and drying. 
619164
Acetylursolic acid, also known as acetylursolate or ursolic acid acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Acetylursolic acid exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, acetylursolic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, acetylursolic acid can be found in a number of food items such as tea, japanese persimmon, common verbena, and rosemary. This makes acetylursolic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
5357283
Trans-methylferulate is a cinnamate ester that is the methyl ester of ferulic acid. It has been isolated from Pisonia aculeata. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a cinnamate ester, a methyl ester and a member of guaiacols. It derives from a ferulic acid. 
6497
Dimethyl sulfate is a colorless oily liquid, odorless to a faint onion-like odor. It is very toxic by inhalation. It is a combustible liquid and has a flash point of 182°F. It is slightly soluble in water and decomposed by water to give sulfuric acid with evolution of heat. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. It is a potent methylating agent. Dimethyl sulfate is the dimethyl ester of sulfuric acid. It has a role as an alkylating agent and an immunosuppressive agent. Dimethyl Sulfate is an odorless, corrosive, oily liquid with an onion-like odor that emits toxic fumes upon heating. Dimethyl sulfate is used in industry as a methylating agent in the manufacture of many organic chemicals. Inhalation exposure to its vapors is highly irritating to the eyes and lungs and may cause damage to the liver, kidney, heart and central nervous system, while dermal contact causes severe blistering. It is a possible mutagen and is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen based on evidence of carcinogenicity in experimental animals. (NCI05) 
2733505
N(6)-acetimidoyl-L-lysine dihydrochloride is a hydrochloride salt prepared from N(6)-acetimidoyl-L-lysine and two equivalents of hydrogen chloride. A selective inhibitor of inducible nitric oxide synthase. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. It contains a N(6)-acetimidoyl-L-lysinium(2+). 
168937
Small colorless crystals. Denser than water. Contact may cause severe irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make electric storage batteries, soaps, and lubricants. 
949
N,n-dimethylaniline appears as a yellow to brown colored oily liquid with a fishlike odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Flash point 150°F. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation, and skin absorption. Used to make dyes and as a solvent. N,N-dimethylaniline is a tertiary amine that is aniline in which the amino hydrogens are replaced by two methyl groups. It is a tertiary amine and a dimethylaniline. 
131534
Fluperamide, also known as R 18, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diphenylmethanes. Diphenylmethanes are compounds containing a diphenylmethane moiety, which consists of a methane wherein two hydrogen atoms are replaced by two phenyl groups. Fluperamide is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
139072
7-nitrobenzoxadiazole-6-aminohexanoic acid is a benzoxadiazole that is 2,1,3-benzoxadiazole which is substituted at positions 4 and 7 by (5-carboxypentyl)amino and nitro groups, respectively. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is a benzoxadiazole, a C-nitro compound, a secondary amino compound and an epsilon-amino acid. 
25550
2,3,5-trimethylphenyl methylcarbamate is a brown crystalline solid. Non corrosive. Used as an insecticide. 2,3,5-trimethylphenyl methylcarbamate is a carbamate ester that consists of 2,3,5-trimethylphenol carrying an O-(N-methylcarbamoyl) group. One of two constituents of trimethacarb. It has a role as an agrochemical and an insecticide. It derives from a 2,3,5-trimethylphenol. 
92136183
Glycerol monomycolate (C85) is a mycolate ester formed by esterification of (2R)-2-{(1R)-1-hydroxy-15-[2-(20-methoxy-21-methylnonatriacontyl)cyclopropyl]pentadecyl}hexacosanoic acid with the 1-OH of glycerol. It has a role as an antigen. It derives from a glycerol and a (2R)-2-{(1R)-1-hydroxy-15-[2-(20-methoxy-21-methylnonatriacontyl)cyclopropyl]pentadecyl}hexacosanoic acid. 
62296
3-methylthiofentanyl is a piperidine compound having a (2-thienyl)ethyl substituent at the 1-position, a methyl group at the 3-position and an N-phenylpropanamido group at the 4-position. It has a role as an opioid analgesic. It is a member of piperidines, a member of thiophenes, an anilide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
6857565
Alpha-D-GalpA-(1->4)-alpha-D-GalpA is a alpha-D-GalpA-(1->4)-D-GalpA in which the anomeric hydroxy group has alpha- configuration. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an alpha-D-GalpA-(1->4)-alpha-D-GalpA(2-). 
16871
2-methoxy-1,4-naphthoquinone is a naphthoquinone that is naphthalene-1,4-dione substituted by a methoxy group at position 2. It has been isolated from the roots of Rubia yunnanensis. It has a role as a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent and a plant metabolite. It is an enol ether and a member of 1,4-naphthoquinones. 
244688
1-(3-Hydroxyphenyl)-3-phenylprop-2-en-1-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as retrochalcones. These are a form of normal chalcones that are structurally distinguished by the lack of oxygen functionalities at the C2'- and C6'-positions. 1-(3-Hydroxyphenyl)-3-phenylprop-2-en-1-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
169818
2, 6-Dimethyl-6-hepten-1-ol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. Thus, 2, 6-dimethyl-6-hepten-1-ol is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. 2, 6-Dimethyl-6-hepten-1-ol is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). 2, 6-Dimethyl-6-hepten-1-ol has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2, 6-dimethyl-6-hepten-1-ol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2, 6-Dimethyl-6-hepten-1-ol has a melon taste. 
229016
2-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)-4H-chromen-4-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monohydroxyflavonoids. These are flavonoids that bear one hydroxyl group on the flavonoid skeleton. 2-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)-4H-chromen-4-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
69661
12-aminododecanoic acid is an omega-amino fatty acid that is dodecanoic acid in which one of the terminal amino hydrogens has been replaced by an amino group. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is an omega-amino fatty acid and a medium-chain fatty acid. 
165436
Lauroyl-CoA is a medium-chain fatty acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of lauric (dodecanoic) acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a dodecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a lauroyl-CoA(4-). 
522067
2-Methyladipic acid, also known as 2-methyladipate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 4 and 12 carbon atoms. 2-Methyladipic acid is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 2-Methyladipic acid has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-methyladipic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm and adiposome. 
825
4-hydroxyproline is a monohydroxyproline where the hydroxy group is located at the 4-position. It is found in fibrillar collagen. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-hydroxyprolinate. It is a tautomer of a 4-hydroxyproline zwitterion. 
23581789
Netilmicin Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of netilimicin, a semisynthetic, water soluble aminoglycoside antibiotic. Netilmicin is derived from sisomicin, a naturally occurring aminoglycoside antibiotic produced by the fermentation of Micromonospora inyoensis. Netilmicin irreversibly binds to the 16S rRNA and S12 protein of the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. As a result, this agent interferes with the assembly of initiation complex between mRNA and the bacterial ribosome, thereby inhibiting the initiation of protein synthesis. In addition, netilmicin induces misreading of the mRNA template and causes translational frameshift, thereby results in premature termination. This eventually leads to bacterial cell death. 
439268
2-deoxy-D-glucopyranose is a 2-deoxy-D-glucose that is D-glucopyranose in which the hydroxy group at position 2 has been replaced by a hydrogen. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a D-glucopyranose. 
16821
Gamma-Dodecalactone, also known as Γ-dodecalactone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma butyrolactones. Gamma butyrolactones are compounds containing a gamma butyrolactone moiety, which consists of an aliphatic five-member ring with four carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, and bears a ketone group on the carbon adjacent to the oxygen atom. Thus, Gamma-dodecalactone is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. Gamma-Dodecalactone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, Gamma-dodecalactone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, Gamma-dodecalactone can be found in a number of food items such as citrus, cereals and cereal products, milk and milk products, and green vegetables. This makes Gamma-dodecalactone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
516902
Sodium chlorate appears as an odorless pale yellow to white crystalline solid. It is appreciably soluble in water and heavier, so may be expected to sink and dissolve at a rapid rate. Although it is not itself flammable, the solid product and even 30% solutions in water are powerful oxidizing agents. Contact with wood, organic matter, ammonium salts, sulfur, sulfuric acid, various metals, and other chemicals may result in fires or explosions, particularly if any solid materials are finely divided. Excessive heat, as in fires, may cause evolution of oxygen gas that may increase the intensity of fires and may also result in explosions. Mixtures with combustible materials are very flammable and may be ignited by friction. It is used for making herbicides, explosives, dyes, matches, inks, cosmetics, pharmaceuticals, defoliants, paper, and leather. Sodium chlorate is an inorganic sodium salt that has chlorate as the counter-ion. An oxidising agent, it is used for bleaching paper and as a herbicide. It is also used in the manufacture of dyes, explosives and matches. It has a role as a herbicide. It is an inorganic sodium salt and a chlorate salt. 
6584
Methyl acetate appears as a clear colorless liquid with a fragrant odor. Moderately toxic. Flash point 14°F. Vapors heavier than air. Methyl acetate is an acetate ester resulting from the formal condensation of acetic acid with methanol. A low-boiling (57 ℃) colourless, flammable liquid, it is used as a solvent for many resins and oils. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent, a fragrance and an EC 3.4.19.3 (pyroglutamyl-peptidase I) inhibitor. It is an acetate ester, a methyl ester and a volatile organic compound. 
77462
2-Ethyl-4-methylphenol, also known as 2-ethyl-P-cresol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as para cresols. Para cresols are compounds containing a para cresol moiety, which consists of a benzene ring bearing one hydroxyl group at ring positions 1 and 4. 2-Ethyl-4-methylphenol is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, 2-ethyl-4-methylphenol can be found in cereals and cereal products and coffee and coffee products. This makes 2-ethyl-4-methylphenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
54758599
Bleomycin B2 is one of the primary bleomycin species in bleomycin sulfate, a mixture of the sulfate salts of glycopeptide bleomycin A2 and B2 isolated from Streptomyces verticillus with potential antineoplastic activity. Bleomycin B2 forms complexes with iron that reduce molecular oxygen to superoxide and hydroxyl radicals which cause single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA; these reactive oxygen species also induce lipid peroxidation, carbohydrate oxidation, and alterations in prostaglandin synthesis and degradation. 
6597
Dichloroacetic acid appears as a colorless crystalline solid melting at 49°F. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Dichloroacetic acid is an organochlorine compound comprising acetic acid carrying two chloro substituents at the 2-position. It occurs in nature in seaweed, Asparagopsis taxiformis. It has a role as an astringent and a marine metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and an organochlorine compound. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a dichloroacetate. 
11558159
Didrex is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. Benzphetamine Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of benzphetamine, a sympathomimetic amine related to the synthetic agent amphetamine with central nervous system (CNS) stimulating and anorexic properties. Benzphetamine stimulates the release of certain catecholamines, particularly noradrenaline and dopamine, from nerve terminals in the brain and inhibits their uptake. The increase in synaptic concentrations of these catecholamines causes behavioral changes including euphoria, an increase in mental alertness and excitement, and suppresses appetite. 
161227
2-dehydro-3-deoxy-D-gluconic acid is the 2-dehydro-3-deoxy derivative of D-gluconic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a ketoaldonic acid and a hexonic acid. It derives from a D-gluconic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-dehydro-3-deoxy-D-gluconate. 
61405
2-Propenyl cyclohexanebutanoate, also known as allyl 4-cyclohexylbutyrate or allyl hexahydrophenylbutyrate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. 2-Propenyl cyclohexanebutanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 2-Propenyl cyclohexanebutanoate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-propenyl cyclohexanebutanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 2-Propenyl cyclohexanebutanoate has a fatty, fruity, and pineapple taste. 
66320
Lithium sulfate is a metal sulfate in which the counterion is lithium and the ratio of lithium to sulfate is 2:1. It has a role as an antidepressant. It contains a lithium(1+). 
477436
Siamenol is a carbazole alkaloid that is 9H-carbazole substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2, a methyl group at position 6 and a prenyl group at position 3. Isolated from Murraya siamensis, it exhibits anti-HIV activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-HIV agent. It is a carbazole alkaloid and a member of phenols. It derives from a hydride of a 9H-carbazole. 
69320
2-Propylpyridine, also known as conyrin or pyridine, 1-propyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyridines and derivatives. Pyridines and derivatives are compounds containing a pyridine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle which consists of one nitrogen atom and five carbon atoms. 2-Propylpyridine exists as a liquid, soluble (in water), and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-propylpyridine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Propylpyridine has a fatty, green, and nutty taste. 
442700
Dihydropinosylvin is a member of the class of resorcinols carrying an additional 2-phenylethyl substituent at position 5. It has a role as an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a member of resorcinols and a diphenylethane. 
656476
Alanyl-glutamic acid, also known as alanylglutamate or ae dipeptide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Alanyl-glutamic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Alanyl-glutamic acid has been primarily detected in feces. 
5281649
Isoetin is a pentahydroxyflavone that is flavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7, 2', 4' and 5'. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
134687044
An antiprotozoal agent produced by Streptomyces cinnamonensis. It exerts its effect during the development of first-generation trophozoites into first-generation schizonts within the intestinal epithelial cells. It does not interfere with hosts' development of acquired immunity to the majority of coccidial species. Monensin is a sodium and proton selective ionophore and is widely used as such in biochemical studies. 
9864
Cyanamide appears as colorless deliquescent crystals. Mp: 45°C; bp: 260°C. Density: 1.282 g cm-3. Quite soluble in water (77 g / 100 g solution at 15°C). Soluble in butanol, methyl ethyl ketone, ethyl acetate, alcohols, phenols, amines, ethers. Note: The term \ Cyanamide is a nitrile that is hydrogen cyanide in which the hydrogen has been replaced by an amino group. It has a role as an EC 1.2.1.3 [aldehyde dehydrogenase (NAD(+))] inhibitor. It is a nitrile and a one-carbon compound. It is a conjugate acid of a cyanamide(2-). 
25975
Dichloroacetate is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of dichloroacetic acid. It derives from an acetate. It is a conjugate base of a dichloroacetic acid. 
39765
Vecuronium is a 5alpha-androstane compound having 3alpha-acetoxy-, 17beta-acetoxy-, 2beta-piperidino- and 16beta-N-methylpiperidinium substituents. It has a role as a nicotinic antagonist, a neuromuscular agent, a muscle relaxant and a drug allergen. It is an androstane, a quaternary ammonium ion and an acetate ester. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-androstane. Vecuronium is a synthetic, intermediate-acting mono-quaternary steroid and non-depolarizing neuromuscular blocking agent, with muscle relaxant activity. Vecuronium competitively binds to and blocks the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor at the neuromuscular junction, thereby preventing acetylcholine (ACh) binding and resulting in skeletal muscle relaxation and paralysis. Vecuronium has a shorter duration of action than pancuronium. 
171187
Haloperidol 1, 2, 3, 6-tetrahydropyridine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. Haloperidol 1, 2, 3, 6-tetrahydropyridine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Haloperidol 1, 2, 3, 6-tetrahydropyridine has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, haloperidol 1, 2, 3, 6-tetrahydropyridine is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
9639
Perfluorohexane is a fluoroalkane that is hexane in which all of the hydrogens have been replaced by fluorines. It has a role as a radioopaque medium and a non-polar solvent. It is a fluorocarbon, a fluoroalkane and a volatile organic compound. It derives from a hydride of a hexane. Perflexane is a fluorinated hydrocarbon and gaseous substance used as an imaging contrast agent in echocardiogram. After administration in microsphere form, perflexane increases ultrasound reflectivity of blood. This leads to an improvement of ultrasound signaling. 
21252274
Gly-Pro-Hyp is a tripeptide composed of glycine, L-proline and 3-hydroxy-L-proline units joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a glycine, a L-proline and a 3-hydroxy-L-proline. 
107324
2, 4, 4-Trimethylcyclopentanone, also known as arylsulfonamide 11C, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. 2, 4, 4-Trimethylcyclopentanone is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 4, 4-trimethylcyclopentanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2, 4, 4-trimethylcyclopentanone can be found in fats and oils and herbs and spices. This makes 2, 4, 4-trimethylcyclopentanone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
5311447
Spirapril is a dipeptide, a dithioketal, an azaspiro compound, a dicarboxylic acid monoester, an ethyl ester, a tertiary carboxamide, a secondary amino compound and a pyrrolidinecarboxylic acid. It has a role as a prodrug, an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor and an antihypertensive agent. It derives from a spiraprilat. Spirapril is a prodrug and non-sulfhydryl angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. Spirapril is converted in the body to its active metabolite spiraprilat. Spiraprilat competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and results in vasodilation. Spiraprilat also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
62128
Tetrahydro-2-methyl-3-furanthiol, also known as 2-methyl-3-mercaptotetrahydrofuran or 2-methyltetrahydrofuran-3-thiol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrahydrofurans. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a saturated, aliphatic, five-membered ring where a carbon is replaced by an oxygen. Tetrahydro-2-methyl-3-furanthiol is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, tetrahydro-2-methyl-3-furanthiol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Tetrahydro-2-methyl-3-furanthiol has a beef, chicken, and meat taste. 
5590
Triton X-100 is a poly(ethylene glycol) derivative that is poly(ethylene glycol) in which one of the terminal hydroxy groups has been converted into the corresponding p-(2,4,4-trimethylpentan-3-yl)phenyl ether. It has a role as a nonionic surfactant. 
3348
Fexofenadine is a piperidine-based anti-histamine compound. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist and an anti-allergic agent. It is a member of piperidines and a tertiary amine. It derives from an isobutyric acid. Fexofenadine is a second generation, long-lasting selective histamine H1 receptor antagonist with antiinflammatory property. Fexofenadine is a highly selective and reversible competitor at peripheral H1 histamine receptors in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract, blood vessels, and bronchial smooth muscle. This agent interferes with mediators release from mast cells either by inhibiting calcium ion influx across mast cell/basophil plasma membrane or by inhibiting intracellular calcium ion release within the cells. In addition fexofenadine may also inhibit the late-phase allergic reaction by acting on leukotrienes or prostaglandins, or by producing an anti-platelet activating factor effect. Overall, this agent blocks the actions of endogenous histamine, thereby leads to temporary relief of the negative symptoms associated with histamine and achieve effects such as decreased vascular permeability, reduction of pruritus and localized smooth muscle relaxation. 
4764
Phenolphthalein appears as white or yellowish-white to pale orange fine crystalline powder. Odorless. Aqueous solution is acidic. Colorless to pH 8.5; pink to deep-red above pH 9. Colorless in presence of large amounts of alkali. Tasteless. (NTP, 1992) Phenolphthalein is a member of phenols. It derives from a 2-benzofuran-1(3H)-one. Phenolphthalein is an organic compound used as a laboratory reagent and pH indicator. Phenolphthalein exerts laxative effects by stimulating the intestinal mucosa and constricting smooth muscles. However, phenolphthalein is no longer used as a laxative due to the suspected carcinogenicity of this compound. 
3008868
Dieckol is a phlorotannin isolated from a brown alga Ecklonia cava which exhibits antioxidant, hepatoprotective and anticoagulant activities. It has a role as a metabolite, a radical scavenger, an EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor, a hepatoprotective agent and an anticoagulant. It is a phlorotannin, an aromatic ether and an oxacycle. It derives from a phloroglucinol. 
519103
Norlevorphanol is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
12437
1,1,3,3-tetramethylurea is a member of the class of ureas that is urea substituted by methyl groups at positions 1, 1, 3 and 3 respectively. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
6432248
Ethylammonium nitrate is an organoammonium salt resulting from the mixing of equimolar amounts of nitric acid and ethylamine. First prepared in 1914, it was one of the first ionic liquids found that had a melting point below room temperature (m.p. 12℃). It has a role as a protic solvent. It is an organoammonium salt and an ionic liquid. It contains an ethylaminium and a nitrate. 
96009
4-hydroxyphenyl acetate is a phenyl acetate obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of acetic acid with one of the hydroxy groups of hydroquinone. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is an acetate ester and a member of phenyl acetates. It derives from a hydroquinone. 
8858
Mesityl oxide appears as a colorless, oily liquid with a pungent honey-like odor. Flash point 87°F. Less dense than water and slightly soluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Used in paint removers, as a solvent for plastics, and as an insect repellent. 4-Methyl-3-penten-2-one, 9CI is an olefinic compound. It derives from an acrylic acid. 
157384
13-deoxydaunorubicin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic that is (1S,3S)-3-ethyl-3,5,12-trihydroxy-10-methoxy-6,11-dioxo-1,2,3,4,6,11-hexahydrotetracene having a 3-amino-2,3,6-trideoxy-alpha-L-lyxo-hexopyranosyl residue attached at position 1 via a glycosidic linkage. It is an aminoglycoside antibiotic, an anthracycline, a deoxy hexoside, a monosaccharide derivative and a member of p-quinones. It is a conjugate acid of a 13-deoxydaunorubicin(1+). It derives from a hydride of a tetracene. 
443037
Chlorpromazine N-oxide is an organochlorine compound that is chlorpromazine in which the acyclic tertiary amino group has been converted into the corresponding N-oxide. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an organochlorine compound, a member of phenothiazines and a tertiary amine oxide. It derives from a chlorpromazine. 
62275
MeIQx is an imidazoquinoxaline that is 3H-imidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline substituted at positions 3 and 8 by methyl groups and at position 2 by an amino group. A mutagenic compound found in cooked beef. It has a role as a mutagen, a carcinogenic agent, a genotoxin and a Maillard reaction product. It is an imidazoquinoxaline and an aromatic amine. 8-Methyl-IQX is a synthetic, pale orange to brown crystalline solid that is soluble in dimethylsulfoxide and methanol. It is produced in small quantities for research purposes. 2-Amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline is formed naturally during the cooking of muscle-derived foods (meat and fish). Levels of this chemical produced in this manner are dependent on cooking temperature, cooking time and method of cooking (direct or indirect). It is one of the most abundant heterocyclic amines in a typical Western diet. 2-Amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline has also been detected in processed food flavorings, beer, wine, and cigarette smoke. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
64645
Tubocurarine Chloride is the chloride salt form of tubocurarine, a naturally occurring curare alkaloid isolated from the bark and stem of Chondodendron tomentosum with a muscle relaxant property. Tubocurarine chloride competes with acetylcholine for the nicotinic receptors at the neuromuscular junction of skeletal muscles, thereby inhibiting the action of acetylcholine and blocking the neural transmission without depolarizing the postsynaptic membrane. This may lead to skeletal muscle relaxation and paralysis. 
20219
2-Propenyl octanoate, also known as allocohep or allyl caprylate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. 2-Propenyl octanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 2-Propenyl octanoate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-propenyl octanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 2-Propenyl octanoate has a sweet, banana, and butter taste. 
78385
4-oxo-4-(2-thienyl)butyric acid is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is butyric acid bearing oxo and 2-thienyl groups at position 4. It has a role as a hapten. It is a member of thiophenes and a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a butyric acid. 
439292
DTDP-4-dehydro-6-deoxy-alpha-D-glucose is a dTDP-sugar having 4-dehydro-6-deoxy-alpha-D-glucose as the sugar component. It is an intermediate in dTDP-rhamnose biosynthesis. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a dTDP-D-glucose. It is a conjugate acid of a dTDP-4-dehydro-6-deoxy-alpha-D-glucose(2-). 
189028
2-methyl-3-ketovaleric acid is a 3-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is valeric acid substituted by a methyl group at position 2 and a keto group at position 3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a valeric acid. 
3083619
Tremuloidin is an aryl beta-D-glucoside that is salicin in which the hydrogen of the 2-hydroxy group is replaced by a benzoyl group. It is found in the leaves and bark of willows and poplars. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of benzyl alcohols, a benzoate ester, a monosaccharide derivative, an aryl beta-D-glucoside and an aromatic primary alcohol. It derives from a salicin. 
317158
3-(3-Hydroxyphenyl)-1-phenylprop-2-en-1-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as retrochalcones. These are a form of normal chalcones that are structurally distinguished by the lack of oxygen functionalities at the C2'- and C6'-positions. 3-(3-Hydroxyphenyl)-1-phenylprop-2-en-1-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
14878
Propylene glycol stearate, also known as monosteol or 1, 2-propanediol monostearate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Propylene glycol stearate exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Propylene glycol stearate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, propylene glycol stearate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
20111961
MDPV is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
92138
Elemol is a sesquiterpenoid that is isopropanol which is substituted at position 2 by a (3S,4S)-3-isopropenyl-4-methyl-4-vinylcyclohexyl group. It has a role as a fragrance and a plant metabolite. It is a sesquiterpenoid, a tertiary alcohol and an olefinic compound. 
275784
Etoposide and teniposide are semisynthetic analogues of podophyllotoxin that are used as antineoplastic agents in the therapy of several forms of solid tumors, leukemia and lymphoma, usually in combination with other agents. Both etoposide and teniposide are associated with an appreciable rate of serum enzyme elevations during therapy, and high doses have been implicated in causing clinically apparent acute liver injury including sinusoidal obstruction syndrome. Teniposide is a semisynthetic derivative of podophyllotoxin with antineoplastic activity. Teniposide forms a ternary complex with the enzyme topoisomerase II and DNA, resulting in dose-dependent single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA, DNA: protein cross-links, inhibition of DNA strand religation, and cytotoxicity. This agent acts in the late S or early G phase of the cell cycle. (NCI04) 
5282037
Pikromycin is a macrolide antibiotic that is biosynthesised by Streptomyces venezuelae. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a macrolide antibiotic, a monosaccharide derivative and an enone. It derives from a narbonolide. It is a conjugate base of a pikromycin(1+). 
92217
Dihydrodigoxin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cardenolide glycosides and derivatives. Cardenolide glycosides and derivatives are compounds containing a carbohydrate glycosidically bound to the cardenolide moiety. Dihydrodigoxin is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Dihydrodigoxin has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, dihydrodigoxin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
108222
Hydroxyitraconazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpiperazines. Phenylpiperazines are compounds containing a phenylpiperazine skeleton, which consists of a piperazine bound to a phenyl group. Hydroxyitraconazole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Hydroxyitraconazole has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, hydroxyitraconazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
247304
2-hydroxy-17beta-estradiol is a 2-hydroxy steroid that consists of 17beta-estradiol having an additional hydroxy group at position 2. It has a role as a prodrug, a metabolite, a carcinogenic agent, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 2-hydroxy steroid and a 17beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a 17beta-estradiol. 2-Hydroxyestradiol is a metabolite formed during the metabolism of 17beta-estradiol by hydroxylation of the carbon at position 2 by the CYP450 enzymes 1A1/1A2. Theoretically, 2-hydroxyestradiol (2-OHE2) is able to undergo redox cycling, which generates active radicals and induces DNA damage; however, this estradiol metabolite is very unstable in vivo and is quickly inactivated by catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT)-mediated O-methylation and converted to 2-methoxyestradiol (2-MeE2). 2-MeE2 exerts antineoplastic activities through its estrogen receptor antagonistic effect and the induction of apoptosis in susceptible cancer cells. 
74990
Irinotecan hydrochloride (anhydrous) is a hydrochloride obtained by combining irinotecan with one molar equivalent of hydrochloric acid. Used (in the form of its trihydrate) in combination with fluorouracil and leucovorin, for the treatment of patients with metastatic adenocarcinoma of the pancreas after disease progression following gemcitabine-based therapy. It is converted via hydrolysis of the carbamate linkage to its active metabolite, SN-38, which is ~1000 times more active. It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and a prodrug. It contains an irinotecan(1+). Irinotecan Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of a semisynthetic derivative of camptothecin, a cytotoxic, quinoline-based alkaloid extracted from the Asian tree Camptotheca acuminata. Irinotecan, a prodrug, is converted to a biologically active metabolite 7-ethyl-10-hydroxy-camptothecin (SN-38) by a carboxylesterase-converting enzyme. One thousand-fold more potent than its parent compound irinotecan, SN-38 inhibits topoisomerase I activity by stabilizing the cleavable complex between topoisomerase I and DNA, resulting in DNA breaks that inhibit DNA replication and trigger apoptotic cell death. Because ongoing DNA synthesis is necessary for irinotecan to exert its cytotoxic effects, it is classified as an S-phase-specific agent. 
6437368
Manoalide is a sesterterpenoid isolated from the marine sponge Luffariella variabilis and which has been shown to exhibit inhibitory activity towards phospholipase A2. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 3.1.1.4 (phospholipase A2) inhibitor, an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor and an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor. It is a butenolide, a lactol and a sesterterpenoid. 
11969465
Marinobufagenin is a cardiotonic steroid secreted by the toad Bufo rubescens and other related species such as Bufo marinus. An endogenous Na/K-ATPase inhibitor, it is a vasoconstrictor with effects similar to digitalis. It has a role as an EC 3.6.3.9 (Na(+)/K(+)-transporting ATPase) inhibitor and an epitope. It is a steroid hormone and an epoxy steroid. It derives from a (5beta)-bufadienolide. 
56928081
Palmitoyllipid A is a member of the class of lipid As that is lipid A in which the free OH group on the N-hydroxytetradecanoyl group is carrying a palimitoyl group. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a member of lipid As, a dodecanoate ester, a tetradecanoate ester and a hexadecanoate ester. It is a conjugate acid of a palmitoyllipid A(4-). 
65237
Neocuproine is a member of the class of phenanthrolines that is 1,10-phenanthroline bearing two methyl substituents at positions 2 and 9. It has a role as a chelator. 
519642
2-Vinylthiophene belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. 2-Vinylthiophene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-vinylthiophene is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
12307
N-propyl nitrate appears as a white to straw-colored liquid with an ether-like odor. About the same density as water and insoluble in water. Flash point 70°F. Vapors heavier than air. Used as a fuel. Shock sensitive. The shock sensitivity is removed by addition of 1-2% of propane, butane, chloroform, ethyl ether, or methyl ether. 
91825654
1-tuberculosinyladenosine(1+) is an organic cation that is adenosine alkylated at position N1 by a tuberculosinyl group. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It derives from an adenosine and a tuberculosinol. 
468682
Caspofungin is an antimycotic echinocandin lipopeptide, semisynthetically derived from a fermentation product of the fungus Glarea lozoyensis. Caspofungin inhibits 1,3-beta-glucan synthase, resulting in decreased synthesis of beta(1,3)-D-glucan (an essential component of the fungal cell wall), weakening of the fungal cell wall, and fungal cell wall rupture. This agent is active against Aspergillus and Candida species. 
15604010
Ametoctradin is a member of the class of triazolopyrimidines that is [1,2,4]triazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidin-7-amine carrying additional ethyl and octyl substituents at positions 5 and 6 respectively. A fungicide for the control of late blight and downey mildew on potatoes and other crops including vines. It has a role as a mitochondrial cytochrome-bc1 complex inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of triazolopyrimidines and an aromatic amine. 
85526
3-(p-nitrophenyl)propanoic acid is a monocarboxylic acid that is 3-phenylpropionic acid in which the hydrogen at the para position of the phennyl group has been replaced by a nitro group. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a C-nitro compound. It derives from a 3-phenylpropionic acid. 
6106
L-leucine is the L-enantiomer of leucine. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a human metabolite, an algal metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a pyruvate family amino acid, a proteinogenic amino acid, a leucine and a L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a L-leucinium. It is a conjugate acid of a L-leucinate. It is an enantiomer of a D-leucine. It is a tautomer of a L-leucine zwitterion. Leucine is one of nine essential amino acids in humans (provided by food), Leucine is important for protein synthesis and many metabolic functions. Leucine contributes to regulation of blood-sugar levels; growth and repair of muscle and bone tissue; growth hormone production; and wound healing. Leucine also prevents breakdown of muscle proteins after trauma or severe stress and may be beneficial for individuals with phenylketonuria. Leucine is available in many foods and deficiency is rare. (NCI04) 
164860
Isoheptadecanoic acid is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid comprising hexadecanoic (palmitic) acid substituted at position 15 by a methyl group. It is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid, a long-chain fatty acid and a methyl-branched fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of an isoheptadecanoate. 
439655
D-tartaric acid is the D-enantiomer of tartaric acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a D-tartrate(1-). It is an enantiomer of a L-tartaric acid. 
133221
Triptonolide is a tetracyclic diterpenoid with formula C20H22O4, originally isolated from Tripterygium wilfordii. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a gamma-lactone, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a member of phenols, a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a cyclic terpene ketone and an aromatic ketone. 
7424
3,5-dihydroxybenzoic acid is a dihydroxybenzoic acid in which the hydroxy groups are located at positions 3 and 5. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a dihydroxybenzoic acid and a member of resorcinols. It derives from a benzoic acid. 
177995
Hydramacrophyllol A is an isobenzofuranone that is 2-benzofuran-1(3H)-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 7 and a (S)-hydroxy(4-hydroxyphenyl)methyl group at position 3. It has been isolated from the roots of Scorzonera judaica. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a gamma-lactone, an isobenzofuranone, a member of phenols and a secondary alcohol. 
3005573
Toremifene is a tertiary amine, an organochlorine compound and an aromatic ether. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an estrogen antagonist, an estrogen receptor modulator and a bone density conservation agent. It derives from a hydride of a stilbene. Toremifene is a nonsteroidal triphenylethylene antiestrogen. Chemically related to tamoxifen, toremifene is a selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM). This agent binds competitively to estrogen receptors, thereby interfering with estrogen activity. Toremifene also has intrinsic estrogenic properties, which are manifested according to tissue type or species. (NCI04) 
6901
Hexachlorobutadiene appears as a colorless liquid with a mild odor. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Nonflammable. May be toxic by ingestion or inhalation. Used as a solvent and heat transfer fluid. 
5282095
5-hydroxyconiferyl alcohol is a phenylpropanoid that is cinnamyl alcohol in which the hydrogens at positions 3 and 4 on the benzene ring are replaced by hydroxy groups while that at position 5 is replaced by a methoxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a catechol, a phenylpropanoid and a member of guaiacols. It derives from a cinnamyl alcohol. 
857
Leucine is a branched-chain amino acid that consists of glycine in which one of the hydrogens attached to the alpha-carbon is substituted by an isobutyl group. It has a role as a Daphnia magna metabolite. It is a branched-chain amino acid and an alpha-amino acid. It contains an isobutyl group. It is a conjugate base of a leucinium. It is a conjugate acid of a leucinate. 
66392
17beta-estradiol 3-O-carboxymethyl ether is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid that is 17beta-estradiol in which the 3-hydroxy group carries a carboxymethyl substituent. It has a role as a hapten. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a monocarboxylic acid and an ether. It derives from a 17beta-estradiol. 
2723923
Ammonium formate is a white solid with a weak odor of ammonia. Sinks and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) Ammonium formate is the ammonium salt of formic acid. It has a role as a buffer. It derives from a formic acid. 
9692
Kynuramine is an aromatic ketone that is aniline substituted at position 2 by a 3-aminopropanoyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a substituted aniline, a primary amino compound and an aromatic ketone. 
10471670
JWH-073 is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
538678
Hexanethioic acid S-propyl ester belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acyl thioesters. These are thioester derivatives of a fatty acid with the general formula RC(=O)SR', where R is the fatty acyl chain. Hexanethioic acid S-propyl ester is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Hexanethioic acid S-propyl ester has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, hexanethioic acid S-propyl ester is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, hexanethioic acid S-propyl ester can be found in onion-family vegetables. This makes hexanethioic acid S-propyl ester a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
10031063
Cerberin is a cardenolide glycoside that is the 2'-acetyl derivative of neriifolin. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. It is a cardenolide glycoside, a monosaccharide derivative and an acetate ester. It derives from a neriifolin. 
128014
Isoannonacin a, also known as annonacin-A-one, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as annonaceous acetogenins. These are waxy derivatives of fatty acids (usually C32 or C34), containing a terminal carboxylic acid combined with a 2-propanol unit at the C-2 position to form a methyl- substituted alpha, beta-unsaturated-gamma-lactone. One of their interesting structural features is a single, adjacent, or nonadjacent tetrahydrofuran (THF) or tetrahydropyran (THP) system with one or two flanking hydroxyl group(s) at the center of a long hydrocarbon chain. Thus, isoannonacin a is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. Isoannonacin a exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Isoannonacin a has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, isoannonacin a is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, isoannonacin a can be found in fruits. This makes isoannonacin a a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
8712
2-Methylbenzenethiol, also known as O-toluenethiol or O-tolyl mercaptan, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiophenols. Thiophenols are compounds containing a thiophenol ring, which a phenol derivative obtained by replacing the oxygen atom from the hydroxyl group (attached to the benzene) by a sulfur atom. 2-Methylbenzenethiol exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2-methylbenzenethiol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2-Methylbenzenethiol has an egg, garlic, and meaty taste. 
10234210
Succinyl-Leu-Leu-Val-Tyr-7-amino-4-methylcoumarin is a tetrapeptide compound with a succinyl group at the N-terminal and a 7-amino-4-methylcoumarin group at the C-terminal. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is a tetrapeptide and a member of 7-aminocoumarins. 
10037
Propadiene, stabilized appears as a colorless flammable gas. May become unstable. Not toxic but asphyxiation may occur because of displacement of oxygen. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. 
126843508
12-sulfojasmonate is a 5-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy and sulfate groups of 12-sulfojasmonic acid. Major species at pH 7.3 It is a 5-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion and an organosulfate oxoanion. 
13709
Methidathion appears as colorless crystals. This material is used as a non-systemic insecticide. (EPA, 1998) Methidathion is an organic thiophosphate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. It derives from a 5-methoxy-1,3,4-thiadiazol-2(3H)-one. 
121596236
Glycohyocholate is a cholanic acid conjugate anion that is the conjugate base of glycohyocholic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a cholanic acid conjugate anion and a N-acylglycinate. It is a conjugate base of a glycohyocholic acid. 
10188
Dichloralphenazone is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. 
351795
Indole-3-acetonitrile is a nitrile that is acetonitrile where one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a 1H-indol-3-yl group. It has a role as an auxin, a plant hormone, a plant metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a nitrile and a member of indoles. It derives from an acetonitrile. 
20083
Octan-2-ol is an octanol carrying the hydroxy group at position 2. It has a role as a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. It is an octanol and a secondary alcohol. 
7239
O-dichlorobenzene appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Flash point 150°F. Toxic by inhalation and ingestion. Used to make other chemicals, solvents, fumigants and insecticides and for many other uses. 1,2-dichlorobenzene is a dichlorobenzene carrying chloro substituents at positions 1 and 2. It has a role as a hepatotoxic agent and a metabolite. 
62572
Ethyl 3-hydroxybutyrate is the fatty acid ethyl ester of 3-hydroxybutyric acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a 3-hydroxybutyric acid. 
57379345
Ceritinib is a member of the class of aminopyrimidines that is 2,6-diamino-5-chloropyrimidine in which the amino groups at positions 2 and 6 are respectively carrying 2-methoxy-4-(piperidin-4-yl)-5-methylphenyl and 2-(isopropylsulfonyl)phenyl substituents. Used for the treatment of ALK-positive metastatic non-small cell lung cancer. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor. It is an aminopyrimidine, an aromatic ether, an organochlorine compound, a secondary amino compound, a member of piperidines and a sulfone. Ceritinib is an orally available inhibitor of the receptor tyrosine kinase activity of anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) with antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, ceritinib binds to and inhibits wild-type ALK kinase, ALK fusion proteins and ALK point mutation variants. Inhibition of ALK leads to both the disruption of ALK-mediated signaling and the inhibition of cell growth in ALK-overexpressing tumor cells. ALK belongs to the insulin receptor superfamily and plays an important role in nervous system development. ALK dysregulation and gene rearrangements are associated with a variety of tumor cell types. 
6420112
N(2)-(5'-phosphopyridoxyl)-L-lysine is an L-lysine derivative arising from reductive alkylation of the N(2)-position of L-lysine by pyridoxal-5-phosphate. It has a role as an epitope. It is a L-lysine derivative and an organic phosphate. It derives from a pyridoxal. 
6087
Methicillin is a penicillin that is 6-aminopenicillanic acid in which one of the amino hydrogens is replaced by a 2,6-dimethoxybenzoyl group. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a penicillin and a penicillin allergen. It is a conjugate acid of a methicillin(1-). Methicillin is a semisynthetic, narrow spectrum beta-lactamase-resistant penicillin antibiotic with bactericidal and beta-lactamase resistant activity. Methicillin binds to specific penicillin-binding proteins (BPBs) on the bacterial cell wall, thereby preventing the cross-linkage of peptidoglycans, which are critical components of the bacterial cell wall. This leads to an interruption of the bacterial cell wall and causes bacterial lysis. 
641599
L-Lysinium(1+), also known as L-lysine or acetate, lysine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as l-alpha-amino acids. These are alpha amino acids which have the L-configuration of the alpha-carbon atom. L-Lysinium(1+) can be converted into N(alpha)-acetyl-L-lysine methyl ester(1+). Lysine is one of nine essential amino acids in humans required for growth and tissue repair, Lysine is supplied by many foods, especially red meats, fish, and dairy products. Lysine seems to be active against herpes simplex viruses and present in many forms of diet supplements. The mechanism underlying this effect is based on the viral need for amino acid arginine; lysine competes with arginine for absorption and entry into cells. Lysine inhibits HSV growth by knocking out arginine. (NCI04) 
20861
4-Ethylbenzaldehyde, also known as benzaldehyde, 4-ethyl or ebal, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoyl derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an acyl moiety of benzoic acid with the formula (C6H5CO-). 4-Ethylbenzaldehyde is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-ethylbenzaldehyde is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 4-Ethylbenzaldehyde is a sweet, almond, and bitter tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages, nuts, and tea. This makes 4-ethylbenzaldehyde a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
8299
Hydroxyacetone is a propanone that is acetone in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of propanones, a methyl ketone, a primary alcohol and a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from an acetone. 
11205153
Thiencarbazone-methyl is an N-sulfonylurea in which the sulfur atom is attached to a 4-(methoxycarbonyl)-2-methylthiophen-3-yl group and in which the non-sulfonated nitrogen is substituted by a 3-methoxy-4-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl group. It is a herbicide used for the selective control of grasses and broadleaf weeds primarily in corn. It has a role as an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor, a herbicide and an agrochemical. It is a member of thiophenes, a methyl ester, a member of triazoles, a N-sulfonylurea and an ether. It derives from a thiencarbazone. 
7953
Collidine appears as a clear colorless liquid. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used to make other chemicals. 
2632
Cefotaxime is a third generation semisynthetic cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cefotaxime inhibits mucopeptide synthesis by binding to and inactivating penicillin binding proteins thereby interfering with the final transpeptidation step required for cross-linking of peptidoglycan units which are a component of bacterial cell walls. This results in a reduction of cell wall stability and causes cell lysis. 
20054842
Astacene is a carotenone that consists of beta,beta-carotene bearing four oxo substituents at positions 2, 2', 4 and 4'. It derives from a hydride of a beta-carotene. 
10036637
2C-N is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
764139
Isoeugenyl benzyl ether, also known as benzyl isoeugenol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anisoles. These are organic compounds containing a methoxybenzene or a derivative thereof. Isoeugenyl benzyl ether is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, isoeugenyl benzyl ether is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Isoeugenyl benzyl ether has a mild, balsam, and carnation taste. 
86289663
Ascr#12 is an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside obtained by formal condensation of the alcoholic hydroxy group of (5R)-5-hydroxyhexanoic acid with ascarylopyranose (the alpha anomer). It is a metabolite of the nematodes Caenorhabditis elegans and Pristionchus pacificus. It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside. It derives from a (5R)-5-hydroxyhexanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an ascr#12(1-). 
173535
Prenyl isobutyrate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). Prenyl isobutyrate is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Prenyl isobutyrate has a berry, butter, and fruity taste. 
133158
N-Acetyl-3-hydroxyprocainamide, also known as na-3-hp, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acylaminobenzoic acid and derivatives. These are derivatives of amino benzoic acid derivatives where the amine group is N-acylated. N-Acetyl-3-hydroxyprocainamide is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. N-Acetyl-3-hydroxyprocainamide has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, N-acetyl-3-hydroxyprocainamide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
7375
3-trifluoromethylaniline appears as a colorless liquid with a fishlike odor. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Toxic by ingestion and inhalation. Used to make dyes and pharmaceuticals. 
61746
Alpha-Terpinyl anthranilate, also known as a-terpinyl anthranilic acid or terpinyl 2-aminobenzoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aromatic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing at least one aromatic ring. Alpha-Terpinyl anthranilate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, Alpha-terpinyl anthranilate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Alpha-Terpinyl anthranilate has a bitter, fruity, and lily taste. 
31289
Nonanal is a clear brown liquid characterized by a rose-orange odor. Insoluble in water. Found in at least 20 essential oils, including rose and citrus oils and several species of pine oil. Nonanal is a saturated fatty aldehyde formally arising from reduction of the carboxy group of nonanoic acid. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a saturated fatty aldehyde, a n-alkanal and a medium-chain fatty aldehyde. It derives from a nonanoic acid. 
24868263
Prostaglandin I2(1-) is conjugate base of prostaglandin I2. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a prostaglandin I2. 
85690
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. Thus, is considered to be a hydrocarbon lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in alcoholic beverages and citrus. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
100714
Aminomalonic acid is an amino dicarboxylic acid that is malonic acid in which one of the methylene hydrogens has been replaced by an amino group. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Daphnia magna metabolite. It derives from a malonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an aminomalonate(1-). 
7191
Benzyl nicotinate is a benzyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of nicotinic acid with benzyl alcohol. It has been used as a rubefacient. It has a role as a vasodilator agent. It derives from a nicotinic acid. 
135442967
Remazole black-GR is a bis(azo) compound with two aryldiazenyl moieties placed at positions 2 and 7 of a multi-substituted naphthalene. It has a role as a dye. It is a bis(azo) compound, a sulfone and an organic sodium salt. It contains a remazole black-GR (4-). 
444006
Cefditoren Pivoxil is a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactamase resistant, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cefditoren pivoxil is a prodrug that is rapidly hydrolyzed by intestinal esterases during absorption to the microbiologically active cefditoren, an active aminothiazolyl cephalosporin. Cefditoren inactivates penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) thereby interfering with peptidoglycan synthesis and inhibiting bacterial cell wall synthesis. Another consequence of beta-lactam exposure results in the loss of lipoteichoic acids from the cell wall. Lipoteichoic acids inhibit murein hydrolase activity and their absence from the cell wall triggers uncontrolled autolytic activity rendering bacterial cells susceptible to osmotic shock. This results in a reduction of cell wall stability and causes cell lysis. 
497299
1-stearoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine is a lysophosphatidylcholine 18:0 in which the acyl substituent is located at position 1 and is specified as stearoyl. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and an apoptosis inducer. It is a 1-O-acyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine and a lysophosphatidylcholine 18:0. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 
6558
Isobutylamine appears as a clear colorless liquid with a fishlike odor. Flash point 15°F. Less dense (6.1 lb / gal) than water. Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 2-methylpropanamine is an alkylamine having isobutyl as the alkyl group. It has been isolated from Sambucus nigra (Elderberry). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 2-methylpropanaminium. 
5280659
Pentaprenyl diphosphate is a polyprenol diphosphate compound having five prenyl units with undefined stereochemistry about the double bonds. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 
6538897
1-azakenpaullone is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is 7,12-dihydropyrido[3',2':2,3]azepino[4,5-b]indole substituted at positions 6 and 9 by oxo and bromo groups respectively. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.26 (tau-protein kinase) inhibitor and a Wnt signalling activator. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound, a lactam and an organobromine compound. 
74901
3-Methylbutyl pentanoate, also known as iso-amyl N-valerate or isopentyl pentanoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. 3-Methylbutyl pentanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 3-Methylbutyl pentanoate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3-methylbutyl pentanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 3-Methylbutyl pentanoate has an apple and ripe taste. 
22985
Ammonium nitrate is commercially available both as a colorless crystalline solid and processed into prills for specific applications. Soluble in water. Does not readily burn but will do so if contaminated with combustible material. Accelerates the burning of combustible material. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used to make fertilizers and explosives, and as a nutrient in producing antibiotics and yeast. Ammonium nitrate is the ammonium salt of nitric acid. It has a role as a fertilizer, an explosive and an oxidising agent. It is an inorganic molecular entity, an ammonium salt and an inorganic nitrate salt. 
25195446
Malachite green isothiocyanate is an organic perchlorate salt. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a malachite green isothiocyanate cation. 
542027
Alanyl-glutamine, also known as a-Q dipeptide or ala-GLN, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Alanyl-glutamine is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Alanylglutamine is a nutritional supplement containing a stable, water-soluble dipeptide comprised of the amino acids L-glutamine and L-alanine, with potential protective and absorption enhancing activities. Upon oral or enteral administration, alanylglutamine works locally in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract to both protect the integrity of the intestinal mucosa and maintain intestinal barrier functions. This reduces bacterial translocation, the risk of infection, infection-induced inflammatory damage and infection-associated symptoms, such as diarrhea, dehydration, malabsorption and electrolyte imbalances. Alanylglutamine also increases absorption of other chemicals, enhances epithelial repair, and inhibits apoptosis due to cellular damage, and stimulates cellular proliferation. Altogether, this improves absorption of nutrients, decreases weight loss, reduces diarrhea, decreases the risk of GI-associated infections and improves recovery. Upon absorption, alanylglutamine may also help inhibit muscle protein catabolism. 
586005
Trimethylpropylpyrazine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. Trimethylpropylpyrazine is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, trimethylpropylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, trimethylpropylpyrazine can be found in cocoa and cocoa products. This makes trimethylpropylpyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
20469
Beclomethasone is a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid that is prednisolone in which the hydrogens at the 9alpha and 16beta positions are substituted by a chlorine and a methyl group, respectively. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug and an anti-asthmatic drug. It is an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a corticosteroid, a glucocorticoid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid, a chlorinated steroid, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a prednisolone. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. Beclomethasone is a synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating properties. After cell surface receptor attachment and cell entry, beclomethasone enters the nucleus where it binds to and activates specific nuclear receptors, resulting in an altered gene expression and inhibition of proinflammatory cytokine production. 
446965
3-{[(9-cyano-10-methyl-9,10-dihydroacridin-9-yl)carbonyl]amino}propanoic acid is an N-methylated dihydro acridine carrying carbonitrile and N-carboxyethylcarbamoyl substituents at C-9. It has a role as a hapten. 
36937
Norsalsolinol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrahydroisoquinolines. These are tetrahydrogenated isoquinoline derivatives. Norsalsolinol is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
71301
2,2'-iminobis[1-(6-fluoro-3,4-dihydro-2H-chromen-2-yl)ethanol] is a member of the class of chromanes that is 2,2'-iminodiethanol in which one hydrogen attached to each hydroxy-bearing carbon is replaced by a 6-fluorochroman-2-yl group. It is an organofluorine compound, a secondary amino compound, a secondary alcohol, a diol and a member of chromanes. Nebivolol is a beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist with antihypertensive and vasodilatory activity. Nebivolol binds to and blocks the beta-1 adrenergic receptors in the heart, thereby decreasing cardiac contractility and rate. This leads to a reduction in cardiac output and lowers blood pressure. In addition, nebivolol potentiates nitric oxide (NO), thereby relaxing vascular smooth muscle and exerting a vasodilatory effect. 
447877
(R)-3-hydroxydecanoyl-CoA is a 3-hydroxy fatty acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of (R)-3-hydroxydecanoic acid. It is a (R)-3-hydroxyacyl-CoA and a 3-hydroxydecanoyl-CoA. It derives from a decanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-3-hydroxydecanoyl-CoA(4-). 
3239
24-Epibrassinolide belongs to the class of organic compounds known as brassinolides and derivatives. These are cholestane based steroid lactones containing benzo[c]indeno[5, 4-e]oxepin-3-one. 24-Epibrassinolide exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. 24-Epibrassinolide has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 24-epibrassinolide is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 24-epibrassinolide can be found in broad bean and pulses. This makes 24-epibrassinolide a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
177578
Backebergine is a member of the class of isoquinolines carrying two methoxy substituents at positions 6 and 7. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an isoquinoline alkaloid and a member of isoquinolines. 
11425005
Onosmin A is an aminobenzoic acid that is anthranilic acid in which one of the hydrogens of the amino group is replaced by a 4-methylbenzyl group. Isolated from Onosma hispida, it exhibits inhibitory activity against lipoxygenase. It has a role as a lipoxygenase inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is an aminobenzoic acid and a secondary amino compound. It derives from an anthranilic acid. 
70630
Dihydrourocanic acid is a monocarboxylic acid that is propionic acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 3 has been replaced by an imidazol-4-yl group. It is a member of imidazoles and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a dihydrourocanate. 
62115
Netilmicin sulfate is an aminoglycoside sulfate salt. It derives from a netilmycin. Netilmicin Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of netilimicin, a semisynthetic, water soluble aminoglycoside antibiotic. Netilmicin is derived from sisomicin, a naturally occurring aminoglycoside antibiotic produced by the fermentation of Micromonospora inyoensis. Netilmicin irreversibly binds to the 16S rRNA and S12 protein of the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. As a result, this agent interferes with the assembly of initiation complex between mRNA and the bacterial ribosome, thereby inhibiting the initiation of protein synthesis. In addition, netilmicin induces misreading of the mRNA template and causes translational frameshift, thereby results in premature termination. This eventually leads to bacterial cell death. 
161899
Dehydroaporheine, also known as dehydroremerine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aporphines. These are quinoline alkaloids containing the dibenzo[de, g]quinoline ring system or a dehydrogenated derivative thereof. Dehydroaporheine exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, dehydroaporheine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, dehydroaporheine can be found in coffee and coffee products and root vegetables. This makes dehydroaporheine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
91754427
Gadoxetate Disodium is a paramagnetic contrast agent consisting of the disodium salt of the gadolinium ion chelated with the lipophilic moiety ethoxybenzyl (EOB) bound to diethylenetriamine pentaacetic acid (DTPA). When placed in a magnetic field, gadolinium produces a large magnetic moment and so a large local magnetic field, which can enhance the relaxation rate of nearby protons; as a result, the signal intensity of tissue images observed with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) may be enhanced. Because this agent is preferentially taken up by normal functioning hepatocytes, normal hepatic tissue is enhanced with MRI while tumor tissue is unenhanced. In addition, because this agent is excreted in the bile, it may be used to visualize the biliary system using MRI. 
6471
Alphaprodine is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
79094
Alanylglycine, also known as ala-gly or L-alanine-glycine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Alanylglycine is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
639659
(E)-4-nitrostilbene is a stilbenoid with a structure of (E)-stilbene substituted at one of the C-4 positions by a nitro group. It has a role as a mutagen. 
6873
Isobutyl salicylate, also known as fema 2213 or orchindone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-hydroxybenzoic acid esters. These are benzoic acid esters where the benzene ring is ortho-substituted with a hydroxy group. Isobutyl salicylate exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, isobutyl salicylate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Isobutyl salicylate has a bitter, clover, and floral taste. 
92879
Propicillin is a penicillin. It is a conjugate acid of a propicillin(1-). Propicillin is a semisynthetic, acid stable, penicillin with antibacterial activity. Propicillin binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
196216
Curlone, also known as beta-turmerone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. Curlone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, curlone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, curlone can be found in herbs and spices and turmeric. This makes curlone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
609451
Sawamilletin, also known as crusgallin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as scalarane sesterterpenoids. These are sesterterpenoids with a structure based on the scalarane backbone. Scalarane is a tetracyclic compound, which is similar the homoandrostane with five methyl groups at the 4-, 4-, 8-, 17-, 17a-positions. Sawamilletin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, sawamilletin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
150911
1,3-dioctanoylglycerol is a 1,3-diglyceride in which both acyl groups are specified as octanoyl. It has a role as a Brassica napus metabolite and an excipient. It derives from an octanoic acid. 
15030923
(E)-3-(indol-2-yl)acrylic acid is an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid that is acrylic acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 3 is replaced by an indol-2-yl group. It is an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid and a member of indoles. It derives from an acrylic acid. 
20485
Tabersonine is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid with cytotoxic activity. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. It is an alkaloid ester, a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, a methyl ester and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. It is a conjugate base of a tabersoninium(1+). 
132971
Abiraterone is a 3beta-sterol that is androsta-5,16-dien-3beta-ol substituted at position 17 by a 3-pyridyl group. Administered as the O-acetate, it is used for treatment of metastatic castrate-resistant prostate cancer. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 1.14.99.9 (steroid 17alpha-monooxygenase) inhibitor. It is a 3beta-sterol and a member of pyridines. It derives from a hydride of an androstane. Abiraterone is a steroidal compound with antiandrogen activity. Abiraterone inhibits the enzymatic activity of steroid 17alpha-monooxygenase (17alpha-hydrolase/C17,20 lyase complex; CYP17A1), a member of the cytochrome p450 family that catalyzes the 17alpha-hydroxylation of steroid intermediates involved in testosterone synthesis. Administration of this agent may suppress testosterone production by both the testes and the adrenals to castrate-range levels. 
136759
Trans-4-tert-butylcyclohexanecarboxylic acid is a monocarboxylic acid that is cyclohexanecarboxylic acid substituted by a tert-butyl group at position 4 (the trans-stereoisomer). It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a cyclohexane. 
200631
Hydroxymethyl indol-3-yl ketone, also known as 3-(hydroxyacetyl)indole or 2-hydroxy-1-(1H-indol-3-yl)-ethanone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indoles. Indoles are compounds containing an indole moiety, which consists of pyrrole ring fused to benzene to form 2, 3-benzopyrrole. Hydroxymethyl indol-3-yl ketone exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, hydroxymethyl indol-3-yl ketone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, hydroxymethyl indol-3-yl ketone can be found in mushrooms. This makes hydroxymethyl indol-3-yl ketone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
552083
2-(6-heptynyl)-1,3-dioxolane is a member of the class of dioxolanes that is 1,3-dioxolane substituted at position 2 by a 6-heptynyl group. It is a dioxolane, a cyclic acetal and a terminal acetylenic compound. It derives from a hydride of a 1,3-dioxolane. 
221580
Sandaracopimaric acid is a pimarane diterpenoid that is (1S,4aS,4bS,7R,10aS)-1,4a,7-trimethyl-1,2,3,4,4a,4b,5,6,7,9,10,10a-dodecahydrophenanthrene carrying a carboxy group at position 1 and a vinyl group at position 7. It is a natural product found in several plant species. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a tricyclic diterpenoid, a monocarboxylic acid and a pimarane diterpenoid. 
102959
3-(3-hydroxyphenyl)-3-hydroxypropanoic acid is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is 3-hydroxypropanoic acid substituted by a 3-hydroxyphenyl group at position 3. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a 3-hydroxypropionic acid. 
5280892
12(S)-HPETE is the (S)-enantiomer of 12-HPETE. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from an icosa-5,8,10,14-tetraenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 12(S)-HPETE(1-). It is an enantiomer of a 12(R)-HPETE. 
182230
N-acetyl-L-glutamine is an N(2)-acetylglutamine that has L-configuration. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a N-acetyl-L-amino acid, a N(2)-acyl-L-glutamine and a N(2)-acetylglutamine. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-L-glutaminate. It is an enantiomer of a N(2)-acetyl-D-glutamine. 
11020893
Dihydroartemisinic acid is a monocarboxylic acid that is propanoic acid substituted at position 2 by a (1S,4R,4aS,8aR)-4,7-dimethyl-1,2,3,4,4a,5,6,8a-octahydronaphthalen-1-yl group. It is a sesquiterpenoid precursor of the antimalarial drug, artemisinin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a carbobicyclic compound, a monocarboxylic acid, a member of octahydronaphthalenes and a sesquiterpenoid. It is a conjugate acid of a dihydroartemisinate. 
138113409
Cefozopran is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, fourth-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Cefozopran binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
441921
Ginsenoside Re is a ginsenoside found in Panax ginseng that is dammarane which is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 3beta, 6alpha, 12beta and 20 pro-S positions, in which the hydroxy groups at positions 6 and 20 have been converted to the corresponding alpha-L-rhamnopyranosyl-(1->2)-beta-D-glucopyranoside and beta-D-glucopyranoside respectively, and in which a double bond has been introduced at the 24-25 position. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antioxidant, a neuroprotective agent, an anti-inflammatory agent, an antineoplastic agent and a nephroprotective agent. It is a 12beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a beta-D-glucoside, a ginsenoside, a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a disaccharide derivative and a 3beta-hydroxy-4,4-dimethylsteroid. It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 
16666688
3-hydroxy-3-methylhexanoic acid is a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is hexanoic acid substituted by a hydroxy group and a methyl group at position 3. It is a metabolite found in human sweat. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a volatile organic compound. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-hydroxy-3-methylhexanoate. 
73772
Cyclohexyl pentanoate, also known as cyclohexyl n-valerate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Cyclohexyl pentanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Cyclohexyl pentanoate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, cyclohexyl pentanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
65960
Idrapril is a hydroxamic, non-amino acid derivative angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. Idrapril competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and results in vasodilation. Idrapril also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
79954
Primuline (acid form) is a member of the class of benzothiazoles that is 2,6'-bi-1,3-benzothiazole substituted at positions 2' 6 and 7 by 4-aminophenyl, methyl and sulfo groups respectively. The monosodium salt is the biological dye 'primuline'. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It is a member of benzothiazoles, a ring assembly, a substituted aniline and an arenesulfonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2'-(4-aminophenyl)-6-methyl[2,6'-bi-1,3-benzothiazole]-7-sulfonate. 
56986002
Cefetamet is a semisynthetic, beta-lactamase-stable, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Cefetamet binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
13735
Azure A is an organic chloride salt having 3-amino-7-(dimethylamino)phenothiazin-5-ium as the counterion. It is used in making azure eosin stains for blood smear staining. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. It contains a 3-amino-7-(dimethylamino)phenothiazin-5-ium. 
18950
D-mannopyranose is d-Mannose in its six-membered ring form. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a D-aldohexose, a D-mannose and a mannopyranose. 
84305
Fast blue salt B is an organic chloride salt composed of 3,3'-dimethoxy[1,1'-biphenyl]-4,4'-bis(diazonium), zinc and chloride ions in a ratio of 1:1:4. Used for detection of marijuana metabolites in urine. It has a role as a histological dye. It is an organic chloride salt and a zinc molecular entity. It contains a zinc dichloride and a fast blue B. 
734154
(E)-2-methoxycinnamic acid is a member of the class of cinnamic acids that is trans-cinnamic acid carrying a methoxy substituent at position 2 on the benzene ring. It has a role as a Brassica napus metabolite and an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor. It is a member of cinnamic acids and a monomethoxybenzene. It derives from a trans-cinnamic acid. 
975
Oxidized glutathione, also known as glutathione disulfide or GSSG, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligopeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of between three and ten alpha-amino acids joined by peptide bonds. Oxidized glutathione is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Oxidized glutathione has been found throughout most human tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as saliva, blood, and cerebrospinal fluid. Within the cell, oxidized glutathione is primarily located in the mitochondria and cytoplasm. Oxidized glutathione exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Oxidized glutathione participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Oxidized glutathione can be converted into glutathione; which is catalyzed by the enzyme glutathione reductase, mitochondrial. In addition, Oxidized glutathione can be biosynthesized from glutathione through the action of the enzyme glutathione peroxidase 1. In humans, oxidized glutathione is involved in the trisalicylate-choline action pathway, the piroxicam action pathway, the salsalate action pathway, and the oxaprozin action pathway. Oxidized glutathione is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include the hyperinsulinism-hyperammonemia syndrome pathway, 5-oxoprolinase deficiency, succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency, and leukotriene C4 synthesis deficiency. 
9272
Thionazin is an amber liquid. Pure compound is almost colorless; technical product is light brown to tan. Used in insecticides, fungicides, and nematocides. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
91435
Lactate is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of lactic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a propionate. It is a conjugate base of a rac-lactic acid and a 2-hydroxypropanoic acid. 
530428
Vulgarone b belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. Vulgarone b exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, vulgarone b is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, vulgarone b can be found in herbs and spices. This makes vulgarone b a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
93987
9-(Methylthio)nonanenitrile, also known as 1-cyano-8-(methylthio)octane or 9-methylsulfanylnonanenitrile, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as nitriles. Nitriles are compounds having the structure RC#N; thus C-substituted derivatives of hydrocyanic acid, HC#N. 9-(Methylthio)nonanenitrile is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 9-(methylthio)nonanenitrile is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 9-(methylthio)nonanenitrile can be found in green vegetables. This makes 9-(methylthio)nonanenitrile a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
550205
Cyclolaudenol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cycloartanols and derivatives. These are steroids containing a cycloartanol moiety. Cyclolaudenol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Cyclolaudenol has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, cyclolaudenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, cyclolaudenol can be found in french plantain, opium poppy, potato, and soy bean. This makes cyclolaudenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
154417
(S)-atropine is an atropine with a 2S-configuration. It derives from a (S)-tropic acid. It is a conjugate base of a (S)-atropinium. Hyoscyamine is a belladonna alkaloid derivative and the levorotatory form of racemic atropine isolated from the plants Hyoscyamus niger or Atropa belladonna, which exhibits anticholinergic activity. Hyoscyamine functions as a non-selective, competitive antagonist of muscarinic receptors, thereby inhibiting the parasympathetic activities of acetylcholine on the salivary, bronchial, and sweat glands, as well as the eye, heart, bladder, and gastrointestinal tract. These inhibitory effects cause a decrease in saliva, bronchial mucus, gastric juices, and sweat. Furthermore, its inhibitory action on smooth muscle prevents bladder contraction and decreases gastrointestinal motility. 
441184
Acarbose, also known as bay g 5421 or glumida, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aminocyclitol glycosides. These are organic compounds containing an amicocyclitol moiety glycosidically linked to a carbohydrate moiety. There are two major classes of aminoglycosides containing a 2-streptamine core. They are called 4, 5- and 4, 6-disubstituted 2-deoxystreptamines. Acarbose is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Acarbose has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, acarbose is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Acarbose is a pseudotetrasaccharide and inhibitor of alpha-glucosidase and pancreatic alpha-amylase with antihyperglycemic activity. Acarbose binds to and inhibits alpha-glucosidase, an enteric enzyme found in the brush border of the small intestines that hydrolyzes oligosaccharides and disaccharides into glucose and other monosaccharides. This prevents the breakdown of larger carbohydrates into glucose and decreases the rise in postprandial blood glucose levels. In addition, acarbose inhibits pancreatic alpha-amylase which hydrolyzes complex starches to oligosaccharides in the small intestines. 
87840
Acrophylline is a quinoline alkaloid that is furo[2,3-b]quinolin-4-one bearing additional 3,3-dimethylallyl and methoxy substituents at positions 9 and 7 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a furoquinoline, a quinoline alkaloid, an aromatic ether and an olefinic compound. 
10563
Barium carbonate is a white powder. It is insoluble in water and soluble in most acids, with the exception of sulfuric acid. It has a specific gravity of 4.275. It is toxic by ingestion. 
3032297
Nabam is a colorless to light amber solid with a a slight odor. Mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) Nabam is a dithiocarbamate salt that is the disodium salt of ethylenebis(dithiocarbamic acid). A fungicide, algicide and bactericide used on various crops including on cotton, capsicums, onions and rice crops, it is considered to be a carcinogen, so is not licensed for use within the European Union. Mixing nabam with zinc sulfate affords the fungicide zineb. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a dithiocarbamate salt and an organic sodium salt. It contains an ethylenebis(dithiocarbamate). 
547687
1-chlorobutan-2-ol is a secondary alcohol that is butan-2-ol in which one of the methyl hydrogen atoms is substituted by chlorine. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an organochlorine compound, a secondary alcohol and a volatile organic compound. 
160611
4-Hydroxybenzyl isothiocyanate, also known as 4-(isothiocyanatomethyl)-phenol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1-hydroxy-2-unsubstituted benzenoids. These are phenols that are unsubstituted at the 2-position. 4-Hydroxybenzyl isothiocyanate exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 4-hydroxybenzyl isothiocyanate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 4-hydroxybenzyl isothiocyanate can be found in herbs and spices. This makes 4-hydroxybenzyl isothiocyanate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
577651
4-Hydroxyphenylpropionylglycine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acyl-alpha amino acids. N-acyl-alpha amino acids are compounds containing an alpha amino acid which bears an acyl group at its terminal nitrogen atom. 4-Hydroxyphenylpropionylglycine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 4-Hydroxyphenylpropionylglycine has been primarily detected in urine. 
173312
Methylthiomethyl hexanoate, also known as fema 3880, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Methylthiomethyl hexanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Methylthiomethyl hexanoate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, methylthiomethyl hexanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
320054
Persicogenin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 7-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C7 atom of the flavonoid backbone. Thus, persicogenin is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. Persicogenin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, persicogenin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, persicogenin can be found in peach. This makes persicogenin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
6125
Sodium oxalate is an odorless white solid. Sinks and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) Sodium oxalate is an organic sodium salt consisting of sodium and oxalate ions in a 2:1 ratio. It has a role as a poison and a reducing agent. It is an oxalate salt and an organic sodium salt. It contains an oxalate(2-). 
15076
Heptadecan-1-ol is a long-chain fatty alcohol that is heptadecane in which one of the terminal methyl hydrogens is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a long-chain primary fatty alcohol and a primary alcohol. 
112084
2-nitrophenyl N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosaminide is an N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosaminide in which the anomeric hydroxy hydrogen is replaced by a 2-nitrophenyl group. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a C-nitro compound and a N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosaminide. It derives from a 2-nitrophenol. 
628528
Cabreuvin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 7-o-methylisoflavones. These are isoflavones with methoxy groups attached to the C7 atom of the isoflavone backbone. Thus, cabreuvin is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. Cabreuvin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, cabreuvin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
25188
Acrylate is a monocarboxylic acid anion. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an acrylic acid. 
23367
Benzyl hexanoate, also known as benzyl caproate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. Benzyl hexanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, benzyl hexanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Benzyl hexanoate has an apricot, fruity, and gardenia taste. 
161409
Columbianetin acetate is an acetate ester obtained by formal acetylation of the tertiary hydroxy group of 2-[(8S)-2-oxo-8,9-dihydro-2H-furo[2,3-h][1]benzopyran-8-yl]propan-2-ol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a furanocoumarin and an acetate ester. 
8264
Dimefox is a colorless liquid with a fishy odor. Used as an insecticide; is neither produced nor used in the U.S. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
12235229
(9R,10S)-dihydroxyoctadecanoic acid is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is octadecanoic acid in which the two hydroxy groups are located at positions 9R and 10S. It has a role as a Brassica napus metabolite. It is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a hydroxyoctadecanoic acid. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It is an enantiomer of a (9S,10R)-dihydroxyoctadecanoic acid. 
5316821
2-(3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)-ethyl-O-beta-D-glucopyranoside is a beta-D-glucoside having hydroxytyrosol as the anomeric substituent. Isolated from Zantedeschia aethiopica and Picrorhiza scrophulariiflora, it exhibits antioxidant activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. It is a beta-D-glucoside and a member of catechols. It derives from a hydroxytyrosol. 
71448891
4-(2-carboxyphenyl)-4-oxobutanoyl-CoA is a member of the class of acyl-CoAs that is the S-[4-(2-carboxyphenyl)-4-oxobutanoyl] derivative of coenzyme A. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a 2-succinylbenzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-(2-carboxyphenyl)-4-oxobutanoyl-CoA(5-). 
93596
4-Butyl-5-methylthiazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4, 5-disubstituted thiazoles. 4, 5-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 4 and 5 only. 4-Butyl-5-methylthiazole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-butyl-5-methylthiazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 4-Butyl-5-methylthiazole has a bell, green, and pepper taste. 
112025
3-sulfopropanediol is an alkanesulfonic acid obtained by the formal substitution of one of the methyl hydrogens of propane-1,2-diol by a sulfonic acid group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an alkanesulfonic acid and a member of propane-1,2-diols. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-sulfopropanediol(1-). 
478956
Porric acid c, also known as porrate c, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dibenzofurans. Dibenzofurans are compounds containing a dibenzofuran moiety, which consists of two benzene rings fused to a central furan ring. Porric acid c exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, porric acid c is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, porric acid c can be found in onion-family vegetables. This makes porric acid c a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
71464636
Leu-Phe-Asp is a tripeptide composed of L-leucine, L-phenylalanine and L-aspartic acid joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-leucine, a L-phenylalanine and a L-aspartic acid. 
62726
TG(22:0/22:0/22:0), also known as compritol 888 or ato 888, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triacylglycerols. These are glycerides consisting of three fatty acid chains covalently bonded to a glycerol molecule through ester linkages. Thus, TG(22:0/22:0/22:0) is considered to be a triradylglycerol lipid molecule. TG(22:0/22:0/22:0) exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. TG(22:0/22:0/22:0) has been found in human adipose tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, TG(22:0/22:0/22:0) is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and adiposome. TG(22:0/22:0/22:0) can be biosynthesized from DG(22:0/22:0/0:0) and docosanoyl-CoA through its interaction with the enzyme diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase. In humans, TG(22:0/22:0/22:0) is involved in the metabolic disorder called de novo triacylglycerol biosynthesis TG(22:0/22:0/22:0) pathway. 
42890
Idarubicin is a monosaccharide derivative, an anthracycline antibiotic and a deoxy hexoside. It derives from a hydride of a tetracene. Idarubicin is a semisynthetic 4-demethoxy analogue of the antineoplastic anthracycline antibiotic daunorubicin. Idarubicin intercalates into DNA and interferes with the activity of topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication, RNA transcription and protein synthesis. Due to its high lipophilicity, idarubicin penetrates cell membranes more efficiently than other anthracycline antibiotic compounds. 
11158091
Cyclic di-AMP is a cyclic purine dinucleotide that is the 3',5'-cyclic dimer of AMP. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It is a cyclic purine dinucleotide and an adenyl ribonucleotide. It is a conjugate acid of a cyclic di-AMP(2-). 
161816
Stigmast-5-ene-3beta,7alpha-diol is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid that is sitosterol substituted by an additional alpha-hydroxy group at position 7. It has been isolated from the roots of Breynia fruticosa. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid and a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid. It derives from a sitosterol. It derives from a hydride of a stigmastane. 
583
Cotinine methonium ion, also known as N-methylcotininium ion, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrrolidinylpyridines. Pyrrolidinylpyridines are compounds containing a pyrrolidinylpyridine ring system, which consists of a pyrrolidine ring linked to a pyridine ring. Cotinine methonium ion is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Cotinine methonium ion has been found in human liver tissue. 
14213
Ammonium oxalate is an odorless solid. Sinks and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) Ammonium oxalate is an ammonium salt consisting of ammonium and oxalate ions in a 2:1 ratio. It is an ammonium salt and an oxalate salt. It contains an oxalate(2-). 
4075
5-aminosalicylic acid appears as odorless white to pinkish crystals or purplish-tan powder. Aqueous solutions acidic (pH approximately 4.1 at 0.8 mg/L water) . (NTP, 1992) Mesalamine is a monohydroxybenzoic acid that is salicylic acid substituted by an amino group at the 5-position. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is an aromatic amine, an amino acid, a member of phenols, a monocarboxylic acid and a monohydroxybenzoic acid. It derives from a salicylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a mesalaminate(1-). Mesalamine is an agent derived from sulfasalazine, an antiinflammatory agent. Mesalamine may reduce inflammation through inhibition of cyclooxygenase and prostaglandin production. Following rectal or oral administration, only a small amount of mesalamine is absorbed; the remainder, acting topically, reduces bowel inflammation, diarrhea, rectal bleeding and stomach pain. (NCI04) 
443652
Malvidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside is an anthocyanin cation consisting of malvidin having a beta-D-glucosyl residue attached at the 3-hydroxy position. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucoside, an anthocyanin cation and an aromatic ether. It derives from a malvidin. It is a conjugate acid of a malvidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside betaine. 
92133
Succinyl-CoA is an omega-carboxyacyl-CoA having succinoyl as the S-acyl component. It has a role as an inhibitor, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a coenzyme A. It is a conjugate acid of a succinyl-CoA(5-). 
40467846
2-phosphonato-D-glycerate(3-) is an organophosphate oxoanion arising from deprotonation of the phosphate OH and carboxy groups of 2-phospho-D-glyceric acid; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a 2-phospho-D-glyceric acid. 
11847
2,6-dibromophenol is a dibromophenol that is phenol in which both of the hydrogens that are ortho to the phenolic hydroxy group have been replaced by bromines. It has a role as a marine metabolite. It is a bromohydrocarbon and a dibromophenol. It derives from a 1,3-dibromobenzene. 
91643
9-hydroxyellipticine is a organic heterotetracyclic compound that is ellipticine in which the hydrogen at position 9 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. 
62348
Vanillyl alcohol is a monomethoxybenzene that is 2-methoxyphenol substituted by a hydroxymethyl group at position 4. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of guaiacols and a member of benzyl alcohols. 
643966
1,2-dipalmitoyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho-(1D-myo-inositol-5-phosphate) is a 1-phosphatidyl-1D-myo-inositol 5-phosphate in which both phosphatidyl acyl groups are specified as palmitoyl (hexadecanoyl). It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 1,2-dipalmitoyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho-(1D-myo-inositol-5-phosphate)(3-). 
71447
Talampicillin is a penicillanic acid ester that is the 1-phthalidyl ester of ampicillin. It is a prodrug of ampicillin. It has a role as a prodrug. It derives from an ampicillin and an o-phthalaldehydic acid. 
445702
Benzylpenicilloic acid is a penicilloic acid where the side-chain N-acyl group is specified as phenylacetyl. It has a role as an epitope. It is a conjugate acid of a benzylpenicilloate(1-) and a benzylpenicilloate(2-). 
3739
Adipiodone is an organoiodine compound that is 3-amino-2,4,6-triiodobenzoic acid in which one of the amino hydrogens is substituted by a 6-(3-carboxy-2,4,6-triiodoanilino)-6-oxohexanoyl group. It is a water-soluble radiographic contrast media for cholecystography and intravenous cholangiography. It has a role as a radioopaque medium. It is an organoiodine compound, a member of benzoic acids and a secondary carboxamide. It is a conjugate acid of an adipiodone(2-). Iodipamide is a tri-iodinated benzoate derivative and ionic dimeric contrast agent used in diagnostic imaging. When administered in vivo, iodipamide is removed from the liver and secreted into the biliary tract. Like other organic iodine compounds, this agent blocks x-rays and appears opaque on x-ray film; thereby it enhances the visibility of the bile ducts and gallbladder during cholangiography and cholecystography procedures. 
326
Cuminaldehyde is a member of the class of benzaldehydes that is benzaldehyde substituted by an isopropyl group at position 4. It is a component of essential oils from Cumin and exhibits insecticidal activities. It has a role as an insecticide, a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a cumene. 
5326
Sulfamethoxydiazine is a sulfonamide consisting of pyrimidine having a methoxy substituent at the 5-position and a 4-aminobenzenesulfonamido group at the 2-position. It has a role as an antiinfective agent, a renal agent and a leprostatic drug. It is a member of pyrimidines, a sulfonamide and a sulfonamide antibiotic. It derives from a sulfanilamide. Sulfameter is a long-acting sulfonamide antibacterial agent used to treat urinary tract infections and leprosy. 
89560
Delta1-Nonen-3-ol, also known as δ1-nonen-3-ol or 1-vinylheptanol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. Thus, Delta1-nonen-3-ol is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. Delta1-Nonen-3-ol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Delta1-Nonen-3-ol has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, Delta1-nonen-3-ol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Delta1-Nonen-3-ol is an intensely, creamy, and earthy tasting compound that can be found in green vegetables. This makes Delta1-nonen-3-ol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
135445
(±)-2-(2-methylpropyl)thiazolidine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiazolidines. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a five-member saturated aliphatic ring with one nitrogen atom, one sulfur atom, three carbon atoms (±)-2-(2-methylpropyl)thiazolidine exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (±)-2-(2-methylpropyl)thiazolidine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
135476778
4a-hydroxytetrahydrobiopterin is a tetrahydropterin that is 5,6,7,8-tetrahydrobiopterin carrying an additional hydroxy substituent at the 4a-position. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a tetrahydropterin and a hemiaminal. It derives from a 5,6,7,8-tetrahydrobiopterin. 
23969
Arsine appears as a colorless gas with a disagreeable garlic odor. Flammable. Heavier than air. Flame easily flashes back to the source of leak. Extremely toxic by inhalation; has been used as a military poison gas. Confirmed human carcinogen. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat containers may rupture violently and rocket.  Rate of onset: Immediate to 24 hours  Persistence: Minutes to hours  Odor threshold: 0.5 ppm  Source/use/other hazard: Used in electronics industry; reacts with H20 (don't use H2O in fire). Arsane is an arsine, a member of arsanes and a mononuclear parent hydride. It is a conjugate base of an arsonium. It is a conjugate acid of an arsanide. 
187808
Glycitin is a glycosyloxyisoflavone that is isoflavone substituted by a methoxy group at position 6, a hydroxy group at position 4' and a beta-D-glucopyranosyloxy group at position 7. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a methoxyisoflavone, a hydroxyisoflavone, a monosaccharide derivative and a 7-hydroxyisoflavones 7-O-beta-D-glucoside. 
23667635
Sodium periodate is an inorganic sodium salt having periodate as the counterion. It has a role as an oxidising agent. It contains a periodate. 
363
2-aminoacetaldehyde is an amino aldehyde that is acetaldehyde in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group has been replaced by an amino group. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is an omega-aminoaldehyde and an amino aldehyde. It is a conjugate base of an ammonioacetaldehyde. 
449356
(2S,3S,4R,5R)-2-(4-aminophenyl)-5-hydroxymethylpyrrolidine-3,4-diol is a dihydroxypyrrolidine that consists of 5-hydroxymethylpyrrolidine-3,4-diol bearing a 4-aminophenyl substituent at position 2 (the 2S,3S,4R,5R-diastereomer). It derives from an aniline. 
138117
3,3-dimethyloctane is an alkane that is octane in which the two methylene hydrogens at position 3 have been replaced by methyl groups. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is an alkane and a volatile organic compound. 
219993
Raffinose, also known as delta-raffinose or gossypose, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligosaccharides. These are carbohydrates made up of 3 to 10 monosaccharide units linked to each other through glycosidic bonds. Raffinose exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Raffinose has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and blood. Within the cell, raffinose is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Raffinose participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Raffinose and D-galactose can be biosynthesized from stachyose through its interaction with the enzyme Alpha-galactosidase a. In addition, Raffinose can be converted into sucrose and D-galactose; which is mediated by the enzyme Alpha-galactosidase a. In humans, raffinose is involved in the galactose metabolism pathway. Raffinose is also involved in the metabolic disorder called the galactosemia pathway. 
688489
L-histidine 2-naphthylamide is an L-histidine derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-histidine with the amino group of 2-naphthylamine. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamide, an amino acid amide and a L-histidine derivative. 
126511
Lithocholate 3-O-glucuronide, also known as lithocholic acid glucuronide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroid glucuronide conjugates. These are sterol lipids containing a glucuronide moiety linked to the steroid skeleton. Lithocholate 3-O-glucuronide is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Lithocholate 3-O-glucuronide has been found in human hepatic tissue, liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, lithocholate 3-O-glucuronide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
145864712
2-O-palmitoyl-2'-O-sulfo-3-O-[(2E,4S,6S,8S)-2,4,6,8-tetramethyltriacont-2-enoyl]-alpha,alpha-trehalose is a sulfoglycolipid in which alpha,alpha-trehalose, sulfated at the 2'-position, is acylated at the 2-position with palmitic acid, and at the 3-position with (2S,4S,6S,8S)-2,4,6,8-tetramethyltriacontanoic acid. It has a role as an allergen. It is a sulfoglycolipid and a polyacyl alpha,alpha-trehalose derivative. It derives from an alpha,alpha-trehalose. 
6870
Thiolutin, also known as acetopyrrothine or farcinicine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acetylarylamines. These are acetamides where one or more amide hydrogens is substituted by an aryl group. Thiolutin exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, thiolutin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, thiolutin can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes thiolutin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
101748
D-Glycero-D-galacto-heptitol, also known as L-glycero-D-manno-heptitol or perseitol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sugar alcohols. These are hydrogenated forms of carbohydrate in which the carbonyl group (aldehyde or ketone, reducing sugar) has been reduced to a primary or secondary hydroxyl group. D-Glycero-D-galacto-heptitol exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, D-glycero-D-galacto-heptitol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, D-glycero-D-galacto-heptitol can be found in avocado and mushrooms. This makes D-glycero-D-galacto-heptitol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
11576
Butyl acetoacetate, also known as butyl 3-ketobutanoate or fema 2176, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta-keto acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an aldehyde substituted with a keto group on the C3 carbon atom. Butyl acetoacetate exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Butyl acetoacetate has a sweet, brandy, and fermented taste. 
1549097
3-sulfino-L-alanine(1-) is an alpha-amino-acid anion that is the conjugate base of 3-sulfino-L-alanine, arising from deprotonation of the sulfino and carboxy groups and protonation of the amino group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 3-sulfino-L-alanine. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-sulfinato-L-alaninate(2-). 
70698380
Mersacidin is a type-B lantibiotic containing 3-methyllanthionine and S-(2-aminovinyl)-3-methylcysteine residues and four intra-chain thioether bridges. It is obtained from Bacillus sp. HIL Y-85,54728 and is active in vivo against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It is a type B lantibiotic and a macrocycle. It is a tautomer of a mersacidin zwitterion. 
23675349
Thiopental Sodium is the sodium salt form of thiopental, an ultrashort-acting barbituric acid derivative, with anesthetic activity. Thiopental binds to the chloride ionophore site of the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)-A/chloride ionophore receptor complex, thereby enhancing the inhibitory actions of GABA-A in the brain. This leads to synaptic inhibition, decreased neuronal excitability and induction of anesthesia. In addition, this agent decreases glutamate (Glu) responses. 
67600
2-Keto-N-caprylic acid, also known as 2-keto-N-caprylate or 2-oxooctanoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain keto acids and derivatives. These are keto acids with a 6 to 12 carbon atoms long side chain. 2-Keto-N-caprylic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-keto-N-caprylic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
11080
Alpha-naphthylisothiocyanate appears as odorless white needles or powder. Tasteless. (NTP, 1992) 1-naphthyl isothiocyanate is an isothiocyanate. It has a role as an insecticide. It derives from a hydride of a naphthalene. 
25245298
Psychosine(1+) is the ammonium ion resulting from the protonation of the amino group of psychosine. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a psychosine. 
79532
N(1)-isopropyl-2-methylpropan-1,2-diamine is a primary aliphatic amine that is propan-1,2-diamine substituted by an isopropyl group at N(1) and a methyl group at position 2. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a primary aliphatic amine and a secondary aliphatic amine. 
380907
Plantaricin BN belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetracarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are carboxylic acids containing exactly four carboxyl groups. Plantaricin BN is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, plantaricin BN is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
49787001
L-adenosylselenomethionine is a selenomethionine consisting of L-selenomethionine having an adenosyl group attached to the selenium. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a member of adenosines, a member of selenomethionines and an organic cation. It is a tautomer of a L-adenosylselenomethionine zwitterion. 
590836
Di-isononyl phthalate is an oily colorless liquid with a slight ester odor. Denser than water. Insoluble in water. (USCG, 1999) Diisononyl phthalate is the diisononyl ester of benzene-1,2-dicarboxylic acid. It has a role as a plasticiser. It is a phthalate ester and a diester. 
6953
Picryl chloride appears as a detonating explosive in the form of light yellow needles. Slightly soluble in ether, alcohol, and benzene. Insoluble in water. As insensitive to shock as TNT. Primary hazard is blast of an instantaneous explosion, not flying projectiles or fragments. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may explode violently. 1-chloro-2,4,6-trinitrobenzene is the C-nitro compound that is chlorobenzene with three nitro substituents in the 2-, 4- and 6-positions. It has a role as an epitope, an explosive, a hapten and an allergen. It is a C-nitro compound and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
9032
Potassium cyanide appears as white amorphous lumps or a crystalline mass with a faint odor of bitter almonds. Density 1.52 g / cm3 Toxic by skin absorption through open wounds, by ingestion. Heating to decomposition produces toxic fumes. Used for gold and silver extraction, in chemical analysis, to make other chemicals, and as an insecticide. Potassium cyanide is a cyanide salt containing equal numbers of potassium cations and cyanide anions. It has a role as an EC 1.9.3.1 (cytochrome c oxidase) inhibitor, an EC 1.15.1.1 (superoxide dismutase) inhibitor and a neurotoxin. It is a cyanide salt, a one-carbon compound and a potassium salt. 
529885
2-Hydroxycineol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxanes. Oxanes are compounds containing an oxane (tetrahydropyran) ring, which is a six-member saturated aliphatic heterocycle with one oxygen atom and five carbon atoms. 2-Hydroxycineol is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
8092
Methyl 2-octynoate, also known as fema 2729 or folione, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Methyl 2-octynoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Methyl 2-octynoate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, methyl 2-octynoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Methyl 2-octynoate has a cucumber, green, and leafy taste. 
82672
Perfluoro(ethylvinyl ether) appears as a colorless gas. Heavier than air. Easily liquefied. Contact with the unconfined liquid may cause frost bite by evaporative cooling. May asphyxiate by displacing air. A flame may flash back from a point of ignition to source of a leak. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat containers may rupture violently and rocket. 
22379
Butanilicaine is an amino acid amide amide in which N-butylglycine and 2-chloro-6-methylaniline have combined to form the amide bond; used as a local anaesthetic (amide caine). It has a role as a local anaesthetic. It is an amino acid amide and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
10429214
Eckstolonol is a phlorotannin that is [1,4]benzodioxino[2,3-a]oxanthrene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1, 3, 6, 9 and 11. Isolated from the brown alga Ecklonia stolonifera, it exhibits radical scavenging activity. It has a role as a metabolite and a radical scavenger. It is a phlorotannin, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and an oxacycle. It derives from a phloroglucinol. 
83997
Acetaminophen cystein, also known as paracetamol cysteine or aa-cysteine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as l-cysteine-s-conjugates. L-cysteine-S-conjugates are compounds containing L-cysteine where the thio-group is conjugated. Acetaminophen cystein is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Acetaminophen cystein has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, acetaminophen cystein is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Acetaminophen cystein participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Acetaminophen cystein can be biosynthesized from NAPQI and glutathione through its interaction with the enzymes glutathione S-transferase p and glutathione S-transferase theta-1. In addition, Acetaminophen cystein can be converted into acetaminophen cystein; which is catalyzed by the enzyme multidrug resistance-associated protein 1. In humans, acetaminophen cystein is involved in the acetaminophen metabolism pathway. 
157129
Oblongine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzylisoquinolines. These are organic compounds containing an isoquinoline to which a benzyl group is attached. Oblongine exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, oblongine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, oblongine can be found in fruits. This makes oblongine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
62412
Tert-butyl isocyanate appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Very toxic by ingestion, may also be toxic by skin absorption and inhalation. Vapors heavier than air. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 
496770
Trigofoenoside D belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroidal saponins. These are saponins in which the aglycone moiety is a steroid. The steroidal aglycone is usually a spirostane, furostane, spirosolane, solanidane, or curcubitacin derivative. Trigofoenoside D exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Trigofoenoside D has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, trigofoenoside D is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, trigofoenoside D can be found in fenugreek and herbs and spices. This makes trigofoenoside D a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
1269845
Thiouracil is a nucleobase analogue that is uracil in which the oxo group at C-2 is replaced by a thioxo group. It has a role as an antithyroid drug and a metabolite. It is a thiocarbonyl compound and a nucleobase analogue. It derives from a uracil. Thiouracil is a sulfur-containing uracil. An established antithyroid drug and highly selective inhibitor of nitric oxide synthase (NOS), thiouracil also covalently binds to dopaquinone, produced by tyrosinase catalyzed oxidation of tyrosine, thereby selectively accumulating in de novo-synthesized melanin in overactive melanin-producing cells and providing a means to localize melanoma cells. (NCI04) 
